u not getting rid of that beard are ya?
Hope you are well lady. Keep me posted on all the goings on. :D I will text you when I find my phone
you guys doing Danny James' "Pear" on lp?!
how exciting :) have a wonderful Christmas!
If you have no money and you want a usa visa there areno questions asked. But to more you got the more you have to prove?!
cleans. I don't like cleaning. :)
Very big issue down the road. RT : T2: IMO the other issue w/exchange is trusting correctness.
God has over 2 Billion followers and He didn't even need Twitter!
Ain't no one cute at my school :/
and thats why so much seems messed up in DC. best leaders often dont aim/intend to lead.
Tried kale chips for the 1st time. They are actually really good! :)
Do you have a weird topping you can't help put on your pizza? Let us know and get a free slice card!
Unbelievable two events back to back at Franklin Lakes New Jerey with over 15 stars...Get ready for april 1st event in Poughkeepsie
Thanks, and likewise! I had a great time meeting all of you.
Don't like letting ppl borrow money. Once that person doesn't pay back they mess it up for everyone...
cool, I met him once my wife set up a meet as a christmas present for me at her friends home. I was impressed with the young man.
New Cash Clown Ft Cap1 &quot;Racks N Bands&quot;
Bwahahahaha --> RT : Gopher fans chant "Where's your logo?" at UND... not bad.
Hello to our lovely promotions team leader! Wishing you a good day!
Nope, #WeNeedAnswers now! Lol RT : ill explain it to u later lol
I'm in my room lol
Good job moreno!
me cant mis I rewatched the SB today Missed all the pt after and commercials taking TD shots! W
I'm gonna sound like a snob: Relegation is a purely professional concept, it cannot be fairly applied to amateur athletics
wat kinda wrk u gotta do?
lol yea i know. U gotta come up
Did you mean to call me on Skype?
Is that a free shirt?
I never ever see you on campus:( We needa fix that!!
You're very welcome! Thanks for sharing your story Jimmy.
If u under 25 and u not gettin pussy atleast 4x a week n u gotta girl
thanks for the RT
I think everyone ought to get wealthy and well-known and do everything they ever desired so they may notice that it's not the answer.
No sir. Hopefully next week
We need more players before it's going to work at all! But if we can find them, definitely will explain as much as I can.
Last minute predictions? I say Bosh to Heat. Lebron, Johnson and Amare stay put. Boozer to Bulls. Shaq gets max from Knicks
How annoying!
Guess I need to get back dressed, shoot some moves...
Are you really proposing discriminatory hiring practices based on personality type? Because I may be shy but not meek.
Can't wait for the premier of the Bachelorette tomorrow! I'm in Charlotte today & saw 's interview in today's paper! Love her!
SPOTTED - D&D aka Brandon Todd of Splash News at Washington Dulles this morning, maybe an arrest warrant for them when they come into DC?
Totally inspired!
I've heard they're good live. I don't listen to Muse or Bright Eyes. Hhah
RT : #SmallBizSummit on the Twitter 80/20 rule. 20% promotion; 80% tips, hints, engaging content, shout outs, etc...
Time goes by 5 times slower when you don't have power
good stuff bro. you have some arrington in you
you may have to purchase a collage frame but yes you can
Thanks! Not that terrible really, mostly just time,stress, tons of paperwork...médical exams in dark clinics...hehe, Good Luck!
Happy Thursday PDX! Needing to celebrate the weekend a day early? Come on in for Happy Hour; it starts at 330pm!! See you there! Cheers -LR
My tweets are not that fun. - Disclaimer.
Reminder to TUNE IN to Bentwave as Derek Marin of Subtrak drops by the studio at 7:30pm PDT! Radio Collective
Happy birthday Cor-whore! :D
we are so glad you had a great time, and we miss you today!
OK, that is the first time I've smiled -- and laughed -- TONIGHT. Thanks, Bobby!
LOOL good brother! :') tbh it did kinda work cos up till this day i'm shit scared of taxis :$
Beautiful day for kickball today! BUT in the event of a tournament rainout Saturday, games will be rescheduled for Sunday 5/23.
burned 309 calories doing 31 minutes of "Running (jogging), 6.7 mph (9 min mile)"
damn. I dunno if I should be mad or not
BUMPIN that new !
#NowPlayin ordinary people
OMG IAN, open up your shirt more
I like Roenicke but is he too soft on these guys? The best managers are demanding & they switch things up when they clearly aren't working.
I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
that one annoying person who tweets every 5 seconds and fills your wall.
[Heb4:2]To us & also them the gospel was preached but the word preached did not profit them not being mixed with faith in them that heard it
saw an unbelievable show at lpr by ... my head is still spinning from those video loops...
Please tweet this...a 9 year old from MI is suffering from brain cancer and his one wish is to trend on twitter.
both sound great!
It was 3-5c time. West coast, YOU STILL HAVE A CHANCE!! P.S. Alexa's hubby also produced it! Go go go!
We had a spectacular meeting last night. We've got a strong (and growing!) group of sex workers and activists ready to take on this year!
There should be an app for that. RT Why don't Zillow or Trulia have a "proximity to Dunkin Donuts" option for new home searches?
weight room time C
We're the only team that yells and1 for any shot
MY BABY PHILLIP IS SAFE ! <3
well spoken!
sure. You're always giving me that evil eye. Jk lol
a stick of butter with the word Store on it would look way cool
Isn’t it time to shift from an economy based on money making money to an economy based on money creating jobs and genuine prosperity?"
:thank you for the mentions!
Great pick up for Chicago. But he IS an asshat! He's a wife beater, and thats the worst thing you can possibly be!
Thoughts? RT : Wanted: a longform socio-economic comparison of Iceland/Ireland's post-crash debt policies. /cc
Side note: has the most diverse music playlist in history. Touché cube. Touché.
Meet 3 PSU grads who are starting a mobile grocery store to help the underserved in PDX. See it @ 6:30 on KGW.
we will be playing December 10th @ the black sheep with & gonna be HUGE. $5 PRESALES. @ reply 4 tix.
You aren't lame.. Its just nobody likes you.. hahaha #justkidding :p
What does Pat Myers say about that?
RT : #PRSCamp June 5-7 plus doing a live feed online and charity event to raise $ for kids w/ AIDS #usguys cc:...
What does your post have to do with me?
#BIGTIMEMOVIE!! IS ALMOST ON SO EXCITED TO SEE IT .I LOVE .SEE YA GOTTA GO GET READY HEHE
Don't forget about our free osteoporosis workshop tommorrow from 6-7pm!
I'm champion at beer pong
my dad's cooking something that smells like penis. stop. awsfikgwhl
Sorry yall I feel goofy tonight
Does anyone else have a Steam?
I guess we won't be hearing people complain about #Cousins&RG3 when RG3 checks in at WR and Cousins at QB and we see defenses look lost.
Fans are going to support Austin until the day they get bored or decided to leave. But Mahomies will be holding Austin's hand forever.
like when you're having an orgasm
Yahoo Inks Streaming Deal with Grateful Dead’s Weir
yay tuna casserole
Also, I have just discovered that "Saved By the Bell" is on Netflix in its ENTIRETY. "I'm so excited! I'm so excited!"
i just can't wait in till comes on.wondering what great talent there be this year.
don't be such a "genius" about it
i thank/blame you for my new luv deluxe obsession
shout out to the kids of . ALWAYS WORKING HARD
Switching studios because of stupid shit. YOLO
Rac'ist -- just to be clear.
Mr. Ferris, when did you call to make the reservation?
Bar after work: happening. Possibly alone.
Beautiful Ne-Yo. Just beautiful.
Jerry, which location did you visit? We definitely want to hear more and make this right. Please DM us your e-mail address. Thx!
youll be alright.....
haha that was the only good part of my night
go catch him on Hudson and Christopher! he looked sleepy enough for an easy kidnap ;)
I am too! Christmas is so wonderful. I enjoy the songs and lights and all the good worship in Church. God is so Good!
Merry Belated Christmas to you as well, Hope you had a great Christmas with your family :)
Just got to Tucson about to meet up with my guy 2 Chainz and Travis Porter before the show Tonight.
nice i m loving these aggressive dunks
God in the midst of you is omnipotence. There is no power external to you. All power is given unto you.
I'm starting summer classes the 21 woo!
thanks. Glad you liked it.
good to see you today!
is wondering why do women always open their mouths when they put on mascara?
Student, looking at me as she filled out the end-of-semester course evaluation: "what's your name, again?" I think I had an impact.
Haha! Novel concept, right? RT What do you mean 10 minutes to myself?
Waking up to thunderstorms makes Alex a happy camper. But now that the rain stopped it looks like Seattle outside. LIGHTNING! Nevermind :)
Never get tired of doing the right thing........
Playing an early outdoor show in berea, ky... What's going on tonight?
one side of the page or both?
The Crazy Thing About I Been Knew I Had It!
“: I love finding money in my clothes. It's like a gift to me, from me.”
no tomorrow... im old im abt to be sleep!!
Bill, thx 4 following. Very cool that our interests overlap a lot: #Orlando, #b2b #sales,
sounds like a plan!!!
3100 14th St NW, Washington DC. It was a slow time of day for them, perhaps, but lines were still getting long.
that no talent assclown
Look at that stage from Bruce to Paul. Rock it boys.
What factors do filmmakers weigh when determining whether or not to hire an attorney in connection with the financing of a project?
“Between stimulus and response man has the freedom to choose. “ Frankl
I hate feeling like this
have some stuff to tell u *** important*** write back please
I never write shit on here or anywhere :/.
Already on it! I start PT tomorrow ;)
You're the mistake I knew I was taking.
not stressful,
DEFINITELY award-worthy!! So many quotable moments. Thank you!!
Love you Selena!!!! #askselena Do you love One Direction?
not really a question, but if when you tour...you better to come to LA first
Back from Church.
I just have to make it thought #midterms this week and then it's off to Jamaica!
Here to let you know, if you're going through something keep holding on to God Unchanging Hands! He will never leave you.
"No, he's out getting a spray on tan. He comes back and stains the furniture. The man is a walking creamsicle!"- Mr. Burns
Me and have a private island ;) haha no I'm serious.
_Silicon Date_ If I look at my / ipad when you talk to me / don't think I'm not yours.
thanks - hope you had a great weekend
lol no! I've had a really bad headache for 3 days straight! :(
Went through hell im expecting heaven.
When your soundtrack gets really intense, the creepy presence behind the door will be a friend or loved one.
This application is coming out great! Stay tuned for results.
chillin wit my friends
Know any good jokes about Sodium? NA ;D
I want something/someone to entertain me :)
11 couples i know have gotten engaged within four months.
Alt. Country Pop Songwriters needed for TV Project. email: (Serious Inquiries Only, Please!)
stay up.
Thanks for the retweet!
yea im good today at work now, tryin to go see the avengers tonight yall down?
Attorneys File Suit to Stop Occupy Madison Eviction - Homeless group on East Wash. are supposed to leave the area April 30.
S|O to ; #DeeMolishment™
#ideas2action running out of power so may be last tweet! Mary Bondmass is spared (perhaps) my quoting her during her talk!
what a champ :)
Ugh I have been waiting forever for coffee
Little Saturday morning boot camp to kick off the day! Nothing like it.
and by virgin we mean
Can I just stay outside all day? It's so nice. I'm at least going to be outside until 3rd period.
my mother always said that hard work never hurt you but worry and hard work can kill you. hm. "i be workin hard!" need to not worry.
Never trust these Hoes
At drama! Performing in one week from today!! :D
Ron fucking loves a flashback.
This stud and fem both look like patrick from spongebob. One with a white tee and the other with a weave and tank top
Alex can I get a follow back(:
no no no that doesnt matter because nobody cares about how a loser feels haha
ha, thanks! I clearly dressed up for the occasion! ;)))
please follow me :) ?
you hate me huh?
l want 50+ retweets on something!
Why is #MentionYourCrush even trending!?
You can't be GREAT at what you do, if you're not putting time and effort into it
you are a sports fan. and as you know "professionalism" is key to results. Stay professional. I will stay professional!
We successfully outreached to an increased number of mothers and fathers.
Keep your friends close and your enemies fat.
kinda put a dark cloud over my day :(
Is your mechanic in our results? He should be!!!!!
My students did great auditions today. Moving on from Commercials now to Film and TV next week - away we go!
on my new iPhone n twitter app is sick!;)
ready to go home and eat
Jeeto: If I die what ll you do? Santa: I may also die
I want to keep encouraging your Bishop. Former young man from Decatur, Illinois. You helped me to dream big sir!
Wave 3 point goal scored by Josh Rife, unassisted. The Wave lead the Blast 14-2 with 2 minutes left.
Summer needs to hurry up & get here already !
#FF to for today's Yale football accusation story. It's really something.
I hope Margaret doesn't feel nameless now! ;)
Wheelchair basketball the rage in at Wisconsin-Whitewater
Bacardi Diet has no calories, right? Right?
I need to broaden my horizons
Your life would improve dramatically, trust me RT : may be the last shift ever at the telefund for and me
I think imma go check out think like a man at midnight...
Who's ready to place their order for RG3 Jersey?
How u gone come over somebodies house and say you don't eat everybodies spaghetti but you trust fried wings from the Arabs on Cottage?
I've never seen a corona used in that manner before
Ok. Working in the morning, for mother's day. Yay me... #not goodnight twits x
Tornado touched down in Arlington ... funnel cloud sighted just south of here at Trinity Mills and the Tollway.
Good luck to everyone taking the Integrated Algebra Regents.
“ Interesting to see my sons #Malonza and #Alex representing Kenya in #BigBroAfrica . Go - & ”
Dear God this #WalMart smells like ass and tires.
good job eli..looking good.
St. Xavier gets two runners on to start the T3, but can't push any runs across. Trinity leads 3-0 after 2.5 innings. Tigers have stranded 4.
Yeah, cold algorithmic robot feelings! Time to account for post-robot-pocalyse cit journ... or, you know, maybe not.
It's cold omg not a great morning I destroyed my glasses lol
THANK YOU!
My sunblock has an spf rating higher than a denim jacket and I still got sunburned.
you too cute shorty(:
Making a big pick-up tomorrow out in Virginia...
So full, good easter dinner. Ham, cauliflower cheese, yams, nut roast, roast potatoes, Yorkshire pudding and beer
watered 2day and cleaned up, just took tomatoes on ground which was many, 1 zuch, 1 little egg plant
- Thanks for the blog mention!
Yes, absolutely. I had Goodreads open while watching, marking down suggestions. And I liked his emphasis on consistency. True!
D.C. here I come
only one person said it -_- what are u talking about?
heard that unemployment insurance line has been delayed for customers today for five hours?
We're feeling social so a company happy hour at La Sandia kicks off in an hour!
It could be worse, I could resort to being on 'Excused', the worst dating show hands down. I'm stupefied.
I ain't even mad.
30 Students just arrived all the way from Iowa State University
I need more followers please
Pool party?
First time at Rusty's Backwater Saloon on Stevens Point
Wish I could make it for #ypunderground I'm never in A2 anymore. I have a good excuse!
really tho. i got these bittys trona hit me lik the lottery
It's Free for All Friday with Jeffrey Magee and Cheryl White. Touching on the untouchable topics! Join us!
When a song reminds you something or someone in ur past that ur trying to forget <<<<<
Thank you, we appreciate you!
Can you disclose what's going down? :D
cooldowncollab starts today :D our day is friday
“: Nothing cures heartbreak like baseball, and we're just 4 minutes out of first pitch here at Taylor Stadium.”
Walking home....(:
Thanks for the follow! Therese'
I do know one thing though
Going to bed. Let's read book.. goodnight tweethearts
GREENFlag expects 10,000 ACCELERATOR CLIENTS by day`s end! We are at 9,993 as of last night, after just 10 months! Our clients are happy an…
thank u 4 the RT. U should c sum of the phones we have. Man phones have come a long way LOL what was ur 1st phone?
PLANE - George Stephanopoulos and his wife, Kris Jenner and Kim Kardashian leaving out of DCA Washington Reagan Airport this AM SAME PLANE!
RT : Go see the first three floors of the Moore building #DesignDistrict amazing!!
following, sorry i took a long time (:
I'm not okay, but I don't want to talk about my problems. So I just fake my smile and say "I'm fine."
: I had planned on attending Summer School, but the flights are prohibitively expensive at the moment. I'm very disappointed.
time to eat this is the first time we eat this late o:
I'm good mate : hey mate jus chillin drinkin red wine. How r u?
You can sign up until 1:40 pm for today's noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Late registrants start with 10,000 chips.
#Facebook confirmed #LinkedData is mainstream. #Google (via #KnowledgeGraph) is basically doing the same for the #SemanticWeb :-) Awesome!
silly. Too bad he didn't get the second yellow instead of Ramires, who was great.
Two arrests made already at the Port of Portland this morning. One guy had a gun.
Well THEY should fix it
When DO YOU sleep? Bigger question, with whom?
Must follow she's too funny lol
you rock
Our pup had a nasty allergic reaction to something outside, he has awful allergies. He's much better now. Summer is officially here.
Its 4/20 every day for a real pot head!!!!
Getting prepped for an interview with tomorrow! Prediction: His new song, "So Good" will be a Summer anthem!
BEAUTY TIP: Neutrals are in - nails, lips & eyes. Go neutral!
#Flyer gameday.... and I'm almost to tweet 6,000. Who should i dedicate number 6,000 to? hm
and you ignore tragedy and more quality wins. I don't understand.
Just finished reading the #Wool series ... Wonderful wonderful work! ... Would love to interview you. Do you do G+ HangOuts?
they didn't mention him at all?
You try to resolve conflict but what do u when yer voice of concern, u feel turns into a nuance?
;o I wish!How do you make that the smiley face is in 3D?(;
I want to see u guys soon. Are u going to Roxann's Bday party
no : ( next time ill be home is july 1st. big party for july 4th?!
Right By My Side video was amazing!
I thought you were out of there! What happened? And why can't I DM you?
Ugh. Arduino Workshop.
#excel is a p.o.s.
Lmfao Lol O Well We On Twitter Not School
And for the second time...
did he smell amazing? Omg
I am going to win tonight...my goal is to get Duke to call out again..
Thomas Porter Blog » Cisco Aironet Patch Antenna
Thank u. Love ya and miss u
That awkward run you do when a car lets you cross the street.”
Florida, USA! :{D
Two of my favs. That looks yummy. You go, chef girl!
Chick Fil A's fruit cups > Every other fast food places fruit cups. <U+0001F34E><U+0001F34A><U+0001F349><U+0001F353>
I'm a very loyal Brewers fan, but I have to say it...Matt Kemp is HOT.
Well, you must be home by now. Hope you had a good trip.
Ohoho no poor Rep. Weiner. And how easy is it to name a dick pic scandal of someone whose name is weiner?
How was lunch? We should have lunch sometime, if ya like.
Feel like ive been on vacation for years.
WE WILL BE FAMOUS! ;) RT : I think we're using for the first time tomorrow. It might be vlogged. :)
be nice. Lol.
Come on
I done had my share with it.
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds. - Wayne Dyer
Wondering whether our titles are in a library near you? Insert our title on www.worldcat.org and it will tell you!
Kirkus says SPARKS is "a kinetic and well paced comedy that just might win a few converts…original and appealing."
: hey beautiful!
Thanks Onadio "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
A lie doesn't care who tells it....
It feels so much later then it is
I need to get a Dr. to look at my sore instep before I can run again. Any Chicago recommendations? thanks
im in a drake mood .
my lil brother : dominique, teen wolf spelt backwards is neet flow me: qet out & close my door - wt a nerd lol
They say he [Thales] found the seasons of the year and he cut up the year into 365 days. D. L. 1.27, DK A1
OH: "The error is wrong."
I'd love to! I just sent you an e-mail.
#slapyourself if you only got 1 chrome rim on ur car
It's so amazing hearing play experiment at our concert tonight w and
Hospitals r u fun
"you're ugly Christina, get over it" -Nicholas -____-
all time low!!!
yes. It is.
So... I started making my "I am Limitless" video for contest. Taking me a little longer to mix some audio for it.
my mom and I are talking about selling my body to get money for NY.
Tomorrow morning! kicks off a new series call #Questions. You don't want to miss it!
#newhampshire is like high school. And, turns out is play @ Fury's not
Whats up thanks for the retweet think we need to get myself n Rnb's CurtisJones on the show
SCARY STORIES TO TELL IN THE DARK
curate content for your target reader audience on twitter to keep them connected #USC #writers conference
Planning is underway for a beer event. Stay tuned, effeminate lemmings.
Another thing to keep in mind is that sometimes these things take time to catch on
Success doesn't come to you......you go to it.
woahhh i was just looking at buying one today
Kirschenbaum muses on Krementz's book on author writing photos: also interesting to see the few that have computers
P.E.M.D.A.S please excuse my dope ass swag.
Spend a lot of time talking to buyers in person. You'd be amazed how many companies do not listen to their customers.
I'm not talking about you anymore, meanie. ;)
Thank you!
don't hate me cause you aint me
M Super Yummy Breakfast. Slow cooked steel cut oats with, cranberries, blueberries, walnuts, almond milk and walnuts.
'Master Exploder' always makes me laugh.
Hugs to my Twitter friends
yet here i am, twittering instead of reading while i wait in the airport
just saw it myself in 3-d.
its alright i will give you a free pass
Hi Kathleen, do you know if tomorrow's genomics forum will be recorded?
worst customer service. bought a MK watch yesterday, found something else, and today can only get in-store credit. no thanks.
Bruins game! Do or die time... Don't let me down boys!
Out of curiosity did you find any new organ music for yourself at KMEA this past weekend???
One of them we already have, the other we will never have.
Hey hey, happy Friday afternoon. Just clocked a record number of visitors to this month and hitting the thousands galore. Yay!
#Winning: At a coffee shop at the only spot next to an outlet. #Losing: It's next to a guy who is SNORING.
um, by how much? what's the cost benefit of doing this?
i wonder if the world were would all the black poeple go hood
a federal court in NoCal experimenting with cameras in the courtroom. SoCal? ".. have decided not to pursue it" Irma Gonzalez,
(Music) "How to Love ... Lil Wayne.
I predict James Anderson won't be with next year. He's not that good.
Tune in now on 88.9 FM, live from Pub. Such a big sound for one guy performing alone!
Can the Brewers play the Cubs every game? ": #Brewers have won 4-of-5 and #Yo was money today. #FeartheBrew"
Nothing WORSE than a San Antonio FAKER LAKER FAN!! GET OUTTA MY ARENA!!
It is impossible to eat an apple quietly.
Just got out of my choir concert ! The outfit I had to wear (my costume) had sparkles all over it , and the sparkles won't get off me !
Best scene in eclipse: the meadow scene
Thanks! But in the end, it was also a burned out feeling. And I was never an insider,you know, just someone w/ opinions...
Who's coming over? I got sauerkraut.
There you go again...ruining my surprise! :(
creativity is subtraction
wierdly impressed w all the ppl smokingwhilst biking.riding ny traffic isnt enough of a difficulty,take the hard core smoky lung challenge!
This mifflin mess is very interesting. Gotta love social media.
S Club, gonna show you how.
What documentary is a must see for me?
”Loving is not just looking at each other, its looking in the same direction...”
Finally someone with some fucking sense. She's an OKAY singer, but she isn't anything great.
I was about to write something arrogant but I done grew up
Just getting food and back to the room. Had to go to drug testing with Ms. Weekes, our bronze medalist, who couldn't seem to go...lol. Gnite
Planning a date night tomorrow ;)
Are his eyes just as pretty and blue in person?? I'll be right over :)
thanks, Lisa! Best of luck to you!
Anyone goin to Memphis in May?
Interesting that ADHD runs in the family. Kudos on breastfeeding, it helps a lot to boost immunity (allergy & antibody response)
- Likewise! Love your quartet name. Would love to see you perform sometime!
Happy Easter from
I'm all worn out from HBO. Roller coasters and really uncomfortable sex scenes. Also, I don't buy that anybody eats a cupcake near a shower.
Amen sister! Talk very soon as we enjoy each others journey He has put before us!
Hey! They actually make me look good!
#sla2009 offered most excellent wisdom and guidance on leadership and leading - from Coin Powell to Neil deGrasse Tyson.
looking real good
Except it's not mediocre, and it's not over: Fox gave it another season.
Bar Fly rocked at Dales last night! We are back at Dales tonight, playing 9pm-1am!!!
Over the course of a year and a half I died my hair eight times. I promised my mom I wouldn't die it again for a year.
Lazy Saturday...
high school reunion and of course the Connors
" Idc who yu are, I'm not texting you first everyday. "
hahah u said u would follow me too! Lol when we hung out during the nets game!
well we really need to
yeah kinda not tht long if you thnk about it
Everyone should go follow He has funny and amazing tweets. (:
So wts up
I want to have something witty to say to that but it just depresses the hell out of me.
Never say good-bye because good-bye means going away, and going away means forgetting.~ Peter Pan
Do it Big Faith Gen! I'm proud of you guys. Changing lives today!
of course. let me know what's good?
Pay up or pull out of the euro - tough choice Germany may soon face. If the bailout bill skyrockets, going back to deutschmark is attractive
GOAL! Ryan McDonlad gets that 2 goal lead back for Delaware. 10:30 left. 5-3 Blue Hens.
I also thought Zayn's girl would be called 'Mirrorossa'. RT if you get it.
das ya lunch?
I need to move back east
2nd pitch and Ollie Perez gives up a HR, classic Mets.
"I don't like people who are into stuff" J. Simmons 11/20/09
Yes! RT : “We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down.” - Kurt Vonnegut
if a race car bed is there...I'll flash it. I highly doubt that though, hahaha.
No correct answers for the giveaway ...submit yours now!!
RT : I'm talking about Inbox Zero this Thursday - learn how to make your inbox scream uncle =>...
now it is
Thx for the golf outing! Bring me a beer on hole 5
RT : Ladies and Gentleman JCSU GOLDEN BULLS ARE THE PIONEER BOWL Champions!!!!!!!
#landofbrand hear 12 experts talk about marketing and building your brand.
Lasagna...jersey shore and a quiet house ;)
hope everyone is having a wonderful & productive week so far, don't forget to check out www.drivethrustudio.com and feel free to contact us!
I'm gonna start crying. I just know it. Goddamnitsonofabitch.
Do you overshop to project an image of wealth and power?
that is awesome ! Any personal new releases soon?
I heart you (thanks !)
I hate when people ask for advice and hate the reply.
I'll set a place for you at my table in hell.
my dad would finally come over. I like it!!!!
Just bought my new website, cant wait to get it up and running :)
Can Rio clean up guns, violence before World Cup 2014?
Bubble Team Colorado State Rams get in as an 11 Seed...
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 26
y'all should head over to Second Fiddle tonight, by far best band on broadway I think you'll love them!!
Cheeseburger and fries later, I'm in a Portillo's coma.
I cannot wait to get a new phone!!
The most beautiful Christmas tree is lit and decorated. 9 feet 5 inches of Baggenstos Farms doug fir. The house smells like the holidays!
mentally preparing myself to be deeply disappointed by
Don Draper is quite the character on #MadMen. Who's your favorite character of the hit TV show?
Mmhmm.. RT Questions surrounding the ROI of social media makes me wonder if people understand what a captive audience is.
Got work in study hall today .-.
Everyday should be "National Honesty Day".
Ahah. Not much xD your good.
"Is she pregnant?" "Go ask her!" "No what if she's just fat?!"
and more knit caps!
Thanks for being our 100th follower!
That was so much fun first time using Twitter to win prizes!
Id die for ashli mariah wilkey my bestfriend at age 9 my partner in crime/ride or die at 14 my momma bear at age 19.
hello world, i've been up for 20 hours straight now and i'm still not tired.
yeah I think it was right around the time you started shooting Outsiders. :)
TIA. THE SKY. UH
It was good! How was yours?
You don't want to know what dramatic reenactments look like on "Taiwan's Most Wanted."
who are you telling...
bout to change my pic
Yeah been reading a bunch about their new updates. Haven't worked with it since its release after struggling with a test project.
going to disneyland with my parents
Happy birthday dad!!! Your the best!
was so necessary. more coming soon.
Beats on Infamous are insane
I went down with the ship....LOL. Will fly my house flag proudly. Gonna stay off Twitter to avoid the Flower bashing.
It's kids all morning at the FFL! First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Let's Get Moving with My Gym at 1030!
Just finishing fabulous NOLA dinner from local chefs organized by Mayor Landrieu
I think that's all anyone wants out of a relationship
what features/functions play into your selection?
I wish i could make her one less lonely girl <3
James Harden my second favorite player .
everyday i have to remind myself that someday u will relize me<3 #someday<3
users is actually as cute as they appear
Where do non-ghetto black ppl go for Memorial Day weekend?
I think Romo is my all time favorite..
Dontari Poe is the second player from Memphis that the Chiefs have drafted in the 1st round. The other was Jerome Woods in '96
probably is`
Thanks! We will check it out.
WAIT WHAT
In da studio tryna put it together, working fa magic ;)
Any betting pools on whether Edith gets taken out by the Spanish Flu pandemic before the end?
O okayy! I get it now:P ... Ello mate<U+E415>
No matter how sophisticated our machines become, change is a triumph of humanity not technology -
- they only mean something to the people who appreciate the history of animation. For most, they are just drawings.
A zip code should not determine a childs destiny
now that im most likely living in nyc all summer, lets get some shows poppin
"DON'T swim to europe!"
oops. Not mouse but teacher mode reference. See why lurk more than I tweet:(
Yeah, Hyatt's was league 2/league Hyatt/Jan Brady league
yeah. Can't wait to celebrate witcha!!!
love helo kitty
Shoreline 80, Lower Columbia 77.......FINAL......LCC’s season ends game short of trophy round.
Yes, I am a cunt. But at least people aren't saying that me and my car should be class couple.
Our greatest good, and what we least can spare, is hope. -Abraham Cowley
Capitol hill is buzzing with freaks,hipsters and cool kids. Times like this I'm so happy I live here.
It feels good to be there for someone.
We know that the state of the economy runs parallel to the state of health. (continue)
I'm about to go from ashy to classy.
who cares...yum yum yum
conquer today for tomorrow isn't certain.
Tim Bakdash gets 40 years in prison for hitting and killing U student last year
'I sit there thinking how much courage it takes to live an ordinary life.'--Colum McCann ('Let the Great World Spin')
Sorry ladies...Prince William is engaged!
Brewers tailgate has started!!!!! Come have a drink & ride our FREE shuttle to & from the game!!!!!! GO BREW CREW!!!
But make sure the person you drop off your meds to actually works for the program...
My car hasn't been this clean in like.. Ever.
Nice, Taking notes! :) I was definitely thinking of getting the final cut - heard both good & bad about the newest version.
"And i'll go down as a casualty of love"
exactly what BC said
hm well.
Any #Rockies fans have extra shirt given out at game Friday night...I'll trade ya subscription to Mile High Sports magazine
i know right, my mums gone out!-_-
Crazy at what's cool now
My teenager is pacing back and forth, I suppose it's time for the mall. ICK
It's not coming out for any phones prior to the Pre2. Bad news on a good news day.
opening DJ for Wayne is playing Drake songs to dubstep
We're coming out with a "Lite" version in the next couple weeks. Stay tuned!
hmm. I heard one team is only using one van to transport the entire team <- that's crazy talk.
“: The Ohio Bobcats are headed to the Sweet 16 ... Enjoy, ”
when are you coming back in chicago i want too see you and austin again it s was so much fun :D
(Via ) You so Lucky! How many beers DID you have? -Zero. Guess I should start.
-- the IU game is a border rivalry. It should be on each campus. We look lame right now.
you're very welcome.
i admire your thoroughness =)
aha of course.
$10 ALL YOU CAN DRINK HAPPY HOUR FROM 5-7 TODAY COME IN AND ENJOY THE BEST HAPPY HOUR ON HUMP DAY!!!!
WHERE WERE YOU when the sky crashed down, THE DAY THE WORLD STOOD STILL?
I bet Liz can see this
Let's shoot together! Sounds like you went to the gym with my wife this morning. Small world...
Will tweet for food..... or
That offer we made to Tony LaCava was just a practice offer. We're loose now.
hahahaha Too funny.
Just woke up from a nap and I feel dead
I can't fathom resembling Hoarding: Buried Alive I don't understand the lack of ability to throw away trash or things. Just don't get it.
It's a bot, and it's just weird. People like weird. (I don't. But I hear "people" do).
RT Man the hair dryer is exceptionally hot today...I feel like I laid my head in the devils #Crotch!!lap lmao
yes exactly! It's a very sad situation. The tribute yesterday was really beautiful and rightfully so. Her sons are both LEO's.
Freeman. Hands down. Next ?. RT : Would you rather have Morgan Freeman or James Earl Jones as the voice narrating your life?
I just saw the president of Israel's motorcade.
There aren't many places better than the
DVD Regions 1-7 are covered are covered in both NTSC and PAL...also a Digital Copy available on the two disc set in case.
yeah. I'm furious. That's why you will be seeing me at lockefield haha
Hello summer
Need more than 3, but I'll take it!!
I'm not gonna do that "OMG HE'LL GET YOU 900 FOLLOWS" and not follow through, but follow my bro
After trying to learn how to surf for 5 hours today, I'm exhausted. I can get up though! <U+0001F3C4><U+0001F30A>
"Always desire to learn something useful." - Sophocles.
can u do Friday instead of Thursday possibly. I have a 130 mtg I have to go into office for
. heard "kerblooey" MT : Did just say "kerpluey" on ?”
Asking God of He can pause time for a couple days. I could use it
Don't Forget Check Out My Fan Page And Click LIKE - BAM!!!!!
U Gone Wish U Did Right...
good luck to all my classmates who have mock MLB salary arbitration oral arguments tonite.
Funniest thing overheard today - "Girl, hold this while I put my wig back on."
Also, my itunes account ot hacked.
Now I'm ready to shower, get all the sweat and sunscreen off of me, and head to Topeka. (:
5:15pm at Startup Showcase - Hoping it's like American Idol for Startups! Wonder who's gonna be the 'Simon' there!?
omg thats really sad bro. Long time to go. :/
Flash Flood Warning here in Dayton...they just came on TV and said "move quickly to save your life" Wow they are serious here in Dayton
Somebody??? Hello?? Talk to me??
death by bacon and waffles ain't so bad
dam i miss my baby
DRAMA: You say you hate it, so why do you create it? You say you don’t need it, yet you continue to feed it!
I certainly didn't just spend the last twenty minutes watching heartfelt scenes from LOST on Youtube.
I just learned how to backside smith grind but i keep on failling i just landed it 2 times but it still count :D
i'm onw officially hating you despite haging over MIL shoulder my carne asada still no where near as good
My boys won their game and are now 1 - 1. Syracuse won their first game and are 1 - 0. GOOD TIMES !
Owens. Redemption?
T2: Started bc I love to write, but I soon realized exactly WHAT it was I needed to be blogging about -
possibility rocks RT : The ground state at the core of your being is also the ground of the universe, both are pure possibility
At Chatham Manor today giving tours. It is one of the only places Presidents Washington, Jefferson & Lincoln have all been to. Here to 4:30
Good luck to the folks running the #ROC Flower City 1/2 tomorrow morning. Especially KL who did 24 today.
I took the BEM test, and I'm a very masculine person.
Those are adorable!
VERY MUCH SUPPORT RT : It's #TeacherAppreciationWeek - show your theater, drama, art, and music teachers some love this week!
I ate my head weight in ceviche tonight. I'm not sure how this will pan out for my work event tomorrow morning.
Come on in and make yourself comfortable just PRESS Like! at the bottom of this page
Who says you're NOT beautiful?
My brother and I just finished our ADKOT on vinyl "listening party." So much fun picking these songs apart. Fantastic album.
“: They blur they self cause they ugly <U+0001F602> RT : how do people avi's come out blurry :/” lmfao never trust them
Obstruction of desires by any object or being causes anger directed towards that obstruction.
that's what we're going to do, so i'm looking right now, i'll text you when i find some!
i hear your in london! luck lucky them! hope to see you in bmore soon
off to make someone's home office run more efficiently
I just pretended to die in front of my dog, and the dood just sat there looking at me like i'm some person from the looney bin.
Our studio name came from Dixiana, South Carolina. We located to Nashville.
RT if u wanna something happen.. GET 2 WORK!! UR GRIND defines the outcome .. so b prepared to meet the challenge
What is your favorite spring activity to do with your little girl?
I'm out! And fed up! No more nice guy! Ima keep them calling me CRAZY! That's what they love! So what up B I T C H!
ahahaha finally mad it down there!
that one is not on me. I'm fixing it but Madison said she is giving them an apology when she gets On.
Laying in bed with a headache and fever = ideal time to catch up on podcasts.
Sum of those acts were just weird and unnatural
Ugh. Money is such a pain in the neck. *vomits*
Watching white cheeks with my best friend and #baby madi.
Long notes tied over the bar line to eighths virtually always mean: off on downbeats, not on the rests following the eighth notes
RT : Thank you! :) RT : You're trophy
Hope you have a relaxing day off. Enjoy! :-)
You're a tough cookie.
I've always wanted to go in like a huge field and scream at the top of my lungs
Beef jerky and beer >>>
New follower luv his tweets
Hey Eddie. Thanks for the listen and post. So glad you liked it!!!
me and him was ****in in my room wat else is there
We were honored to be location of surprise party yesterday for Ted Law yesterday. Great group of wine-loving guests. Happy Birthday Ted!
It's about not letting sadness win.
Lunch: Wasabi Chrispy Chicken with homemade mashers anyone?
tonight! but late I think lol :/
So excited to begin Bud Not Buddy with iMacs this year...searching images about the Great Depression
We get some more today! Sweet!
well that crazy eye picture might give me nightmares
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
How dare you think you have me all figured out!!! Especially when I am still a mystery to myself...
Morning to #oomf that's says the realiest shit everyday.
Nothing feels better than bumping J.Cole's the Come Up mixtape on the ride home from a hard day at work.
Have a safe trip to Prague I hope you have an insane time. Keep your followers posted on your magical adventure.
Really What the fuck! People should be happy just to see u play Who cares about if u came on late.
Im gonna say yes. LOL that's really strange!
What a beautiful day and what a beautiful weekend we're going to have in Seattle! #ThankyouMrSunshine #We'resogladyou'reback
if you tired get some sleep then cutey u don't have to stay up....
Happy Easter friends of the WSCC. "Where man sees but withered leaves, God sees sweet flowers growing." ~Albert Laighton
Thanks for the retweet
From a 3rd year guy. Jennings on Leuer: "Rook came in and did great job. might have to give him the day off tomorrow."
just trying to blend in with hs kids... :)
"amazingly", or *refreshingly*?
Jeff, you pretty much are already! One of the best advocates I know! :)
Woke up from a nap...feeling like a champ!
NaLee a vividly rich mermaid fantasy book, the beginning of a trilogy NaLee2010.com ebook only $1
Succeeding as a very experienced and great Actress, good health & financial security for both my daughter and I. Happiness 4 both
Im not that dramatic lol but i do have my rage moments :p
LOVE LOVE that one!!!!
Searching for answers. Is this what mid life crisis feels like?
Thanks so much for the RT And thank you for the #WW You guys are the best :)
this is all of our first time...I went and pre bought the tickets because it's been selling out at every theater in Denver
glad thats over with..(work)..now ii can relax.. :)
#Cardinals bringing on a new pitcher -- sensing the #Brewers have something going here.
that was you?! aww i didn't hear your name! thanks for calling in!
I'm a bit of a worrier. That's why they call me 'Whiskers'
- I think a lot of people bought S&F for "Santa Monica", but I can't imagine many people like the record as much as I do. :)
Cant sleep !
Wayne Felber Live @ The Improv November 16th 2011: via Please watch and leave some feedback
for the follow! Happy weekend!! :)
Watching lightens my day. I want Parm brioche!!
Unbunked 's bed. I feel exposed.
It's stuck in my head too...we're all DOOMED!
$4.75 for a latte at the Bourgeois Pig... Frig...
Babe should get better at texting me back while playing minecraft ..
Den Honey KOkaine gets shot in the arm behind your shit talk? YALL GOT THE OPPORTUNITIES PEOPLE DIE FOR AND YALL NIGGAS CAN'T EVEN BE COOL??
Sugar Maple's beer list makes me feel feelings. Dragon's Milk Oaked Stout will rain down on my insides.
twinkle twinkle little whore your in school not jersey shore.
Just remind yourself..."It's been weirder, it's been worse" thanks for bein a sport o_O
Why?D:
If you're afraid to let someone see your weaknesses, take this to heart: nobody is perfect.
sadly no ): but ill have one someday!:D then you can try it out :D
How are you? We look forward to working with you ?
we are on twitter so follow us
Will be taking my 12 year old son to Lexington Sports Card tomorrow to see his favorite player
put a chicken in the pot
Thank you to Debbie, Amber and Olga and for hosting bowl making parties for the AEBP.
Hey - isn't there one about that Figaro guy?
Tweeps, help her out! Rt: Woo Hoo! I'm so close to having 500 followers!! Six more & I'll be there, , So cool!
man kod was iRate last year...
are you auditing current content or planning future content?
Good Morning Austin!(: I Love You Please, Please, Please Follow Me!(:
educate yourself and be independent....
Wow...it's been a while. back up and running...FINALLY!
False accusations led to ppl being deported/executed &venzetti lynch mob mood in U.S.
Worked it good <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Please don't let the ice-cream truck come just before dinner time. That is all.
will be on flexfmradio this Saturday ! Discussing dv's new collection .
Going to abscbn later <U+263A>
just hit ~2200 on mage last night in 3s. Down to 2270 or so in my priest's 3s :( frustrating. 2270 in 2s though on the priest!
Growing up, all I wanted was a father figure. Me & Mom alone every dinner.
My boss just walked in my office and said, "Am I going to have to worry about you flirting with my wife, she's a quarter phillipinno."
we just used our 77 kids cards...thanks so much!
I'd love nothing more than 2 play a villain in a well-written movie! What about y'all? And what r u doing to make these dreams come true?
what you doing
It feels like Rose is getting froze out tonight. Just my opinion.
The time is always right to do what<U+FFFD>s right.
Can't wait to see what has in store for us this year!!
No vandy #rites12 talk? Worse than on paper?
Go Kings!
What would you think if I sang out of tune? Would you stand up and walk out on me?
I am cleaning my following list. If I unfollow you the next 3 days, you will be picked up by another client that would more suit your needs.
Anything you can't do I can't do better. I can't do anything better than you!
Wow, you follow me but your profile is locked. I'm supposed to guess who you are?
my damn ipod is broken and doesnt charge anymore time go to the apple store
Also A Colorado Mahomie Here :)
Ugh, don't miss those nights! ...yes I do :(
A B2B Marketer's Guide to Great Facebook Pages
This is so weird! I can see when you @ reply to me, but only in my reg. timeline. When I look at your profile, denied.
Oh yeah, the oscars are boring. Somehow I forgot about that
FIGHTING FOR NOTHING BUT THE BEST IN MY LIFE....
same here. Missing link for me between Kittler and Murakami's 1Q84.
#eyeroll MT : Gingrich on WI ties "We own a share of GB stock so we have ties to the whole state in that sense."
Aaron Hernandez of hoops
I would like some cheez-its
Hahahah, the shit that runs through my mind?
Any usb printer should work with a dell. We don't use proprietary printer cables.
Time to hit the sack....and then maybe go to bed lol
"For we brought nothing into the world, and we can take nothing out of it." 1 Timothy 6
You're all encouraged to text me any weekday between 9 and 3 and remind me to mail back Netflix discs.
Kidd looking Oldd. Smh com'on player put some bend in those knees.
Let's get literate Kentucky 'K' always comes before 'U' -
hi ian<U+0001F60A>
Oh, totes. I get that a lot, too. (Mostly the "no means no.")
Don't forget to stop by both stores to check out our selection of merchandise for the holidays! We have something for everyone on your list!
Game 3 of the playoffs is in the bag. SCHS takes down E. Lousiville 52-14.
good music
. Happy Mothers...nevermind
#SunDrop REAL TALK when i say you look like the bird off of RIO takin biut sum "drop it low" then you do a (im not racist) white girl bop it
Could just be me but it seems that the people that say not to judge are always the ones that have the most to be forgiven.
I guess!
Thanks very much - will check you out as well!
Shes a wild one in bed RT : NF Miss because of her gorgeous appearance in
That's bull shit. American Idol is rigged. Phillip should NOT be in the finale. Still really glad Jessica made it though!
If you want a song tweet me a request and an MP3 will bee on it's way.
Can we make education like gaming, where kids want to play more? Naveen Jain at
u look fine :) lol
I love those Milton Brew Sox. That ice is quite warm at this point!
ok average
-yu down here..
cough and cold....argggg
she taught me everything i know about being awesome on twitter.
For the first time Domino's got over one million mobile device orders last week. The mobile world expects mobile optimized apps.
cause he needs observation hours to become a teacher
R M F T : #SomeoneIWantToMeet !!!!! always have
Dress to impress! Employers are looking for someone who makes a great first impression
ok. Chill. He cute. But I don't drool for no man! At least not in the last 6 to 7 years. Chill with that noise! Lol
Berger cookies and birthday Oreos!
Thanks for making a difference!
lol u cant make me mad dis morning bitch cuz I got that dick and I'm feeling good
Blue Angels flying around #Seattle Day!
The jackhammering happening on the street outside my office window right now is driving me NUTS.
Merry Christmas Mya. Thanx for your help. GOD bless.
July 31st! Just what the parrotheads have been waiting for. Retweet if we will see your smiling faces at KMC!
watching the Blind Side..love this movie!
dont blame me..i said Boise St. SHOULD have been included....but they wont be...maybe now in the Big East tho
How can you be a King if you've never won the crown?
Yes, I still make wishes by blowing on dandelions... So what?
The Notebook is on tv but I have no one to watch it with
some1 told me is releasing a sex tape. That seems odd she is releasing her own tape? I'm confused but kinda curious 2 C it.
Gary and Amber? RT : Who breaks up and gets back together more than the Big 12? I mean, besides Ronnie and Sammie?
Oh no! It's so cute!
driving through WV was the first time I saw eagles I the wild. What a gorgeous state.
are you mocking me nigga??
going to see in concert with Colleen september 6th! i'm so excited! <3
lol ay fck you I don't look like neither one of them niggas
yea they do that here in NY also lames!
dhFIT & dhCARES have a new website! Check it out www.dhFIT.com
Your the best Tramon! Great guy and an incredible CB, DYNAMITE COMBO!!!
You've put the work in. Things will fall into place.
stuff never changes....
Many have no idea as to what I had to suffer as many of My apostles did not witness My climb to Calvary.
Meetings today with SAG-AFTRA discussing contracts for the future possibility of 'Briefcase' becoming a feature film
Finish everything I have to do by 9, still going to bed at 12. That's my life. :P
submitted my Research & New Media grant proposal last night. Fingers crossed!
Certainly will if I can!
look at how pretty! :-)
Most people shouldn't make jokes.
My iPod screen is cracked, like broken so now I have to raise $187+tax to get a new iPod touch -__-
yeah! maybe
Happy birthday follow her for her special day rt
SWEET GEORGIA BROWN. (A very different thing than when we say "sweet Oregon green.")
Great to see you last week!!!
Did U ever apologize for your part in the #CultureOfCorruption or just pretend it never happened?
3 some?:o RT : well that was actually probably a once in a lifetime thing but...yeah im proud x)
Follow my other page
anything I must see or do? I already have dinner at Wink and South Congress....Never been to Austin
Great to see you again, too! Hope you've been doing well!
Haha, all press is good press, right?
Wait a minute...You didn't steal the cookie from the cookie jar? Then Who???
“: Hitler's mother considered abortion but the doctor persuaded her to keep the baby.” that cunt.
I hate girls who sit & pretend something is wrong to get attention
im gud at the crib bored
Again and Again.
Blocked! Go
thank you for spreading the word :)
Playin' at the Maple Leaf tomorrow night! Come get funky with us, it's summer in NOLA, what else is there to do? (nothing else...)
This is awkward...
lmao! I cant spell for crap! I meant Hawk!! ;D
Time is rolling tonite!
Hope you get to feeling better<U+0001F60A>
“: hope you had a great day too!!!!”| thanks!
In the end, you'll realize you only have few true friends. But that's better than having many random friends.
whats your email?
now's not the time for a
I have 1 more copy of EA's Tetris to give away for the iPhone. Tomorrow I'll have a few other codes, so stay tuned! 1st to want it gets it.
oh right ha!
Aww man, why am I stuck at work? is giving away free gas for the next half hour at 2410 E Arapahoe!
My new school is HUGE! 1,300 high schoolers ! That's A LOT :O
Thanks for the follow! Have a fantastic weekend!
lmaooo !! o thats what i like to hear ;-)
Happy Easter Everyone! Always remember: It's not Easter unless some one cries trying to find their basket! (me)
When your "BESTFRIEND" starts acting shady as hell<<<
Happy 6th 'first-tweet-anniversary' to !
you got it!
Hitting a few games in June, thats when I'll check out casino too! RT
thank you so much!(: have a wonderful night!
Getting ready for the show
1 word, man. Not in the family, but just.... women...
Guess my audience for Jason & Lizzy is shrinking. My 5 year old is too young. Wonder if that means 6-10 or 7-9 year olds?
The Little Schemer in Your Pants
I agree
nice! How do you like the app?
“We light candles in testament that faith makes miracles possible.”–Nachum Braverman <U+2756>HAPPY HANUKKAH to my family & friends!<U+2756>
you're gonna be with Brit? Too cool! Hope I get to meet you! <3
Nothing lasts forever. Forever is a lie. All that we have, is what's between hello and goodbye
Who eats this stuff? Wait, I don't want to know.
Quote of the day: "You can't let the situation control your emotions. You're better then that."
Choose topics that fit in school's curriculum. If you have an LLM IP program, IP ALR makes sense.
that's what they all say when I walk by. ;)
there are fake eyelashes but who's ever heard of fake fingernails? oh.
Why is it when I bring up the website there are no extra toolbars but when other people launch the website, there are?
my new favorite thing....picking a song a day and dancing my butt off to it in my socks....tom cruise style. Totally happening right now
I hope you get better soon!
Wonder what kind of showing the #Timbers will put out Sat night. I will probably be thinking about that as I drift off to sleep
POOF Again. have a great day everyone <3
Health & fitness should be taught at school. Obesity is such a big issue nowadays
O wasn't that a pretty one !!
That one friend who annoys the hell out of you but you love them anyways."
And I'm still up cause...
Working the poll in Pohick precinct. Vote for Steve Hunt!
I got vcu at the 12 over wichita! Think they keep their magic from last year
yea he def doesn't have the support
Awesome! Hope youre well man": Game 1 in the books. RANGERS!!"
Nickelback, Clear Channel and Live Nation Entertainment Offer a Chance of a Lifetime to Play “Blackjack With ...
have you no grasp of history? Of actual poverty/starvation? When the Beatles formed -- they were still rationing food in UK :D
So much money... You should take that chance.
Good morning! What's for breakfast?
happy 21!! You da best :) have fun!!
Promo Let Bill Boy Cutz Big Up Ur Marketing & Maximize Exposure Hit w/ Email 4 Packages | Major Buzz GUARANTEED
Your Awesome bro.
head meet pillow.
Sonic 4 Episode 2 hasn't been available on my Xbox. I am beyond angry. :(
Rhonda's writing and updating her new website
faggot can also mean a block of wood...... not that it usually ever means that. But just pointing that out.
Indiana stays handling Miami, and New York? I just don't see them as a contender yet.
Thank you. The rest of the country needs to support him and the general message....
Haha, I'll forgive you. After all, I was absent Friday lol..
Amen to that
Hope to see you soon! RT : Its early but, I wanna go 2 4 lunch and try out their new menu<U+0001F44D>
I'm starting a hoverboarding movement for 2020.
All too often too often we try to push, pull, outline and control our ideas instead of letting them grow organically. (1/3)
Just about 3 months left though, can't believe residency is almost done!
u too.
That moment when YouTube unsubs me from Why YouTube? D:
Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete
dude at one point he looked like susan boyle so just be happy thats over hahaha
At the Tufte seminary on information display. Evidence may be beautiful indeed.
That awkward moment when you know your bestfriend so well that when you see a tweet or status you can hear their voice speaking it ..
yep it is... But not what I use...I've got a rode mt-1a & groove tubes gt50
Thank you for the birthday wishes! ( and say thank you too!) ;)
The Rangers put me in a happy mood #KingHenrik #NYR. Going to sleep happy tonite!!! <U+0001F44D><U+0001F618>
there doing big things how can u be a "business" these days with out a we code people hit them up asap
u mean SCAM newton lmao
I'm reading a physical newspaper. Like, printed on paper. Just thought you should know.
no apple chill is n fayetteville
prank calling ;D
Just finished War and Peace. And now I will go back in time to make #AudreyHepburn my girl. ...so hot!
thnks! I'll give it a listen! I'm just want more songs to put on my iPod
Listening to Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King
Clearly more woman “: I'm always so paranoid I'm not going to wake up on exam day... Here's to hoping I do!”
Exploring the grounds of the Vanderbilt house at New Hyde Park on a sunny October afternoon
I don't wanna wake up early tomorrow for this flight :/ well ima go to sleep when I get home .
Pacers Win!
Paving work expected to tie up traffic on NW 185th this week between West Union and Westview H.S...work today is 8:30 - 3:30.
Well, it is a toasty 48 Degrees F here where I am... please let it rain and the heat wave break in Texas!!!
Well, you ARE a superstar :)
Nice meeting you this year. Good luck finishing up at Elon!
Original? RT "You have kept me waiting - too long - it's almost midnight. The servants are asleep!" (Watching #Nosferatu)
GM 2 u. Like your sassyness RT : "Bite me!" George Washington to King George I , 1776....Good Morning all!!!
Guess I'll go see what's on tv.
what up people table nine is up and running on facebook
Jessica doesn't even sound 16...wow
How many times can a guy tell me he is too important for me before I get it? #LotsOfTimes,Apparently
ccarmich52: Hosted an SLA chapter mtg. today. An overview of what I learned at #SLA2009 - too much to talk about in just an hour.
Glad to hear it! I haven't read ALVIN HO books but I've read they are great
RT : recording this Sunday at 7pm at the Full Moon Club on top of Zinnie's East. See ya there!
I love how someone wants to act hard once they get around alot of people.
Soon revealing the panelists for Fantasy Football Mock Draft
Tobe - You can't motivate anyone - Everyone is motivated for their reasons, not yours
Co-Main Event just announced for Feb. 11 at the Patriot Center - Michael "No Joke" Stewart vs. Joe Wyatt for the WBU welterweight title.
Love my new iPad!
jacks bar sf...nice
What's the proper condiment for a pork tenderloin sandwich?
That sounds positively lovely.
#YouWasCuteUntil I realized who you really were.
I think the cleveland show is hilarious btw, even though they'll be canceling it anyday now
they all over the PLACE
I haven't read this yet, but there is something that strikes me deep and memorably in Artaud. Like my Hedonistic asceticism.
i miss you already babe :/ i had am amazing early christmas with you, i love you so much :)
I met Gabriel Mann who not only kills it on #revenge as Nolan but was in Josie and the Pussycats! You guys, this is effing epic!
well its about My Little Pony so totally plausible :P
Great guest Thurs On Health & Healing. Sue Dumais talking re: a fertile state of mind. Thurs 8-9pm PST on http//:a2zen.fm
All artists in New York & New Jersey give TKO a call at 404-610-2511 to talk business
Submit your ideas for Diamond League Craziness... going to be playing some games with Ahnaris shortly! Tweet at me brah!
Predictors are NOT determinants. Be the decisive element. Just a(nother) thought.
Bought my mom tickets for mothers day hope she enjoys the game and her earrings :)
Sometimes things work against you when you do too many things!
Gotta kill you by a certain time, now that's what I call a dead line!
thanks for that ;)
I hate eating with girls. I can't eat like the pig that I am. I have to eat all neat and take small bites and constantly wipe my face. <U+2639>
there's honey in it?!? CANNIBAL!
This week for dinner/starters: GRILLED LAMB MEATBALLS, smoked chocolate beurre blanc, zucchini gaufrete
Egypt pretty much passed a law that said you can have sex with your dead wife's body for up to 6 days. Its weird
Officially uninterested in a Superbowl XLII repeat. Another one where I ask, "Can both teams lose?"
So u just give head then??? lol
So 's post on Grennell says she "obtained" the statement from Romney's campaign. Can you obtain something from yourself?
Yea he and everybody else killed it ": #10FavouriteChrisBrownSongs Marvins room ."
yeah I wouldn't wish that on anyone. He doesn't get paid enough.
Big thanks for the FF! Hope everything is cool with you!
haha at least your still beautiful
Think like a man , HELLA funny ! : )
Society is funny. They ask you to be yourself and yet they judge you.
Now I see why dante jones dunk on 2k is 99
holy butt sweat
I'm Cynthia, LIS student at Simmons, archival material digitizer and historical society employee.
now in assessing outcomes of public scholarship session.
Thanks for the follow. Great good wishes with your writing.
This is the second to last Friday!!
Exactly 1hr from SHOWTIME!!!...c'mon NUGGS!!!...then get yoself out here!!!
Search Lecrae "Church Clothes" on youtube.... Crazy stuff!!
Great Job, Thanks
Tomorrow will be on the #prettyprogressive show! Tune in at 11AM CST on
Hey! It's #FF We welcome our new intern
aren't they going to think it's rude that you're on Twitter instead of talking to them? are they boring?
If her personality comes through in her books, I've really been missing out by not reading Karin Slaughter. Fixing that soon
That would be so fun.! #punaboutfun RT : Please tour with fun. Love me and
it's like that dried pumpkin squash looking thing right?
i dunno, did you have a barrel chested bald server who talks funny?
Yes, they did: NY Yankees Fragrance "Past. Present. Forever". You too can smell like a sweaty locker room forever!
This NFL shit is
So the month of january is over have you established a 2011 championship game plan?
Champions Against Bullying founder, Alex Penn, and LRF are jumping on the line with Bobby DeMuro on 1110 AM in a few minutes. Stay tuned!
Had a fantastic time in Tampa and Orlando filming and getting to know everyone Thanks guys. Heading home now.
Ren & Stimpy until I fall asleep.
Left my damn water
Oh, awesome! I only started working here in October, but I love it.
Netflix aint working during the flight :(
Meeting space needed for you next meeting?
thanks for the great #somolo panel at #dsum12 in Atlanta!
Woke up still feeling off kilter. Hope this workout helps me get it together. Hugs to for the late night empathy & direction
Probably Sunday, June 17. They are trying to raise $$$ for the production.
Starting my job today
MT : Sudden flood of orchestra performances for me next season! As in: 4. You'd think it was the 100-year anniversary of my death!
I have a man crush on Aaron Craft.
Comics Dungeons is awesome! Let the awesomeness heal you! Also, albuterol helps if you're asthmatic.
oh! I will try to make it!
There's not a thing in the world wrong with that. Believe me. I know. It actually makes lots of sense. Follow your heart, always
We in the same picture, but we all got different poses.. -lil wayne, holla ;-)
Have a whole bunch of appointments today and my phone decides not to work ... really? fuck you cell phones
4 more followers.
dissed my girl. why do you care? you all up on his jock I see.
Just like game 1 game 2 will come down to the goal tending.
Coffee, eggs and toast: great way to start a Sunday :)
Just saw set the record straight on Herman Cain's 9-9-9 plan on with O'Donnell. Great job!
But of course!
Irish Whiskey with 0.7% share of the control states spirits market was the fastest growing category with 20.6% and a 12 month trend of 18.5%
you're welcome! Congrats on the great episode!
Because He ’s Hot: Prince Harry Has a Night Out With Friends (PHOTOS) Prince Harry sure does love the nightlife! The 27-year-old royal
I'm on the way<U+0001F68C> MEGABUS!
ok goodnite beautiful thanks a lot :)
We will have the 2012 Fringe application up by Monday, February 27th. Look for it.
Hi Bobby! How are you?
Thanks! I was a good little librarian and finished it last night. Feels good to be done so early!
: John Underwood's response to Fish: DH is not next big thing in lit b/c not only in lit studies.
Read "The Hunger Games" in one day yesterday. I guess there are perks to having a painfully slow/boring retail job sometimes.
Drop the puck already
lmao nice one
I do not know of this "government" you speak of... Tell me more.
You've certainly convinced us!
Don't forget TONIGHT Kimmel 10th Floor from 6PM - 9PM #TheHalls Event! See you there.
Dear mom and dad, stop saying, 'Don't play with your food', you spent the first 2 years of my life teaching me it was a plane.
omg u can read can u read?? lol i cant
I hate school. Get me out of heRe
A a day keeps the doctor away! .. Dr pepper that is :)
so true!
Jamie I know u will love our great Memphis sound.
i guess its good i don't care what guys think....or else my feelings might be hurt right now. :|
Oh, you want the cameras out of your face? Please tell me more about how you protect your anonymity while you sign a release form.
kush in tha swisher, money over bitches.
Come on down! The coffee's ready! RT : On my way
wats wrong? why do u feel crappy??? <3 love yew <3 :)
David Cook does nothing but prove the ineptitude of Philip Philips as a star.
Blew past my 2,000th tweet! Oops. Meant to save it for something really clever.
Miss the drama @ jersey shore 2 Without Angelina there's only Boring Drama With Ronnie And Sammi :S
What if the "hokey pokey" is really what it's all about?
Seriously. I missed 11:11 by two minutes.
Time for PUMP YOU UP shout outs for all the Job Adventurers out there!! Keep your focus razor sharp & continue the steps to move forward!
Read my mind... Yup dats right!
at the market? Sure u are lol
Let it be known that likes to see old man balls.
I love it when people tell you how much they hate someone and then they put pictures of themselves hanging out with them online.
That DAnG moment when u find out he got a girl! ~DANNG!! <it is what it is>
Business is business let's keep it moving!!!!!!!!!!
wow... I feel the love...
Any body have any good ideas for songs for the mixtape?? Let me now in a message or tweet :) Thanks guys hmu ! ~Nickster
This is TO funny! <U+0001F602>
getting ready to hear betsy bird speak here in chicago!
I will, promise!!
i'm really over all of the attractive employees at trader joe's.
We're so lucky to have this here! Hope you enjoy it.
Brett Favre and Tiki Barber to Bears in exchange for lifetime of alka seltzer to all Chicagoans
Probably just went to my last ever track meet. Almost cried twice. You never realize how much you miss something until its gone.
RT : Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than the belief that she is beautiful. - Sophia Loren
That last at bat by Braun just made me cry.
and the Steetball Showdown was best tournament going back in the day. I was on a team with a young Scott Padgett in like 91.
Remember dial-up?
thanks for the offer. I'll check out your site and maybe we can work on something together.
Cuz we are scared that there might not be anyone ......
“: Cant wait 2 see special cupcakes created 4 by ” Yummyness awaits!
When I'll be missing you and I don't want to miss a thing comes on, I can't help but get goosebumps and think of , R.I.P Angel <U+0001F49C><U+0001F47C>
Misuse of papelbon, inability to score runs, bad bullpen, shoddy defense. Yeah yeah.
Lol ok ok i was just kidding. im a fan. i dident
Congrats! RT 2 of 3 books for best typography in the PANZ Book Design Awards are Otago books:) Hauaga & Stunning Debut...
Double papers due tomorrow so no can do.
FINE I'M GOING BY MYSELF.
So sad that Carlas going home but adam made the right decision i think.
lmao........ there's always facebook
"I have a dream that my children will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character." Thank you Dr King.
I recognize the Armenian Genocide. Do you?
Wish I was !
Singers unite! We need each other and understand each other like no one else. Competition isn't the way. There's room for everyone to shine!
thank you for the follow!
You have Options and options is ALWAYS a beautiful thing!
Going to be a busy week...working on tons of choice interviews and segments for the Healthylife.net news !
Always be grateful and thankful for what you have now, You never know when it all might go away.
MANTRA # 5 - NEVER BE THE "PENCIL IN" BITCH
hahahaha I just saw this :)
William Punshon~ Cowardice asks Is it safe Expediency asks Is it politic But Conscience asks Is it right
I Hate when people but in Yo business and don't know what's going on but got plenty to say
;) yeah, excited as hell to rock some Yashicamat 124G action. Putting it back into rotation.
Eli went to Disney world I going to San Juan
Hey what should I do about the mifi? Will you survive w/out internet for a few mins?
nay. Looks uncomfortable too carry and hard to dig stuff out of the bottom.
Definitely a save situation now....or a Loss.
The late night tweet - I just realized I need to tweet more. Hum and I used to tweet a lot before too! But now I must get my tweetzzz...
I've officially conducted the most unorthodox interview ever...unless someone has done one via carrier pigeons.
Suiting up for the luncheon with #DePaul Fr Holtschneider & world's diplomats in Chicago.
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Always remember you are up against people. People make mistakes. People can get flustered. Take advantage if you can.
Sara Watkins onstage at #stagecoach but where is everybody? Either still sleeping or still partying. She just drove in from Carlsbad.
the stories bring family history to life - thanks for this!
Thanks for the #shoutout Happy
If you're trying to craft a work email that says "this is f***ing bulls**t" in diplomatic terms, the best thing to do is not even send one.
what you skip class to do
only when i do forehead kisses are they cute
25% of people check into work hourly while on vacation, via email and phone
Is riding the unicorn, all the way to CRAZY TOWN. Anyone want to join?
He makes my whole day better.
Happy birthday Mista Newton. (:
just dropped by the office, fixed my pivot charts, and jetted off to #NYXPO to assist
just think hun more money ;)
Gotcha. (And yes, you were proven right. Heck, you always are right, anyway. ;-)
I may or may not be getting a tattoo next week. But I'm not telling you if I am.... or am not.
What's so funny...??? haha *nervously laughing*
i want someone to sing boyfriend to me
I may have just seen the Rapture on the radar headed my way.
I hate feeling like this for a guy:(
not yet...
RT Dam #ritz sound like the move for tonight
Take a look at this awesome website www.rlimaging.com
Tune in to your favorite #ArabicMusic: Classics, traditional, pop, contemporary, oud, instrumental, and much more ONLY on #RadioMAQAM!
when you see family that you havent seen in forever and have nothing but laughs & old stories. >>>>
Emotional Intelligence helps ldr respond rather than react RT : A leader leads by example, whether he wants to or not.
My month officially got better. Realized less than 30 days until burroughs' new book comes out. Oh happy literary life.
lol u stupid
Aw They Payin The Refs !
Share our page with your friends and family - everyone can follow there favorite food trucks here!
Already got an email from a buddy who has him on his fantasy team...so you're f'd. I yelled at him for you.
You know, GLove doesn't take the stage until 9:45. You could make it after Trace ends at 9:30... Just sayin'...
Hi kirsten!
is letting me down. But it's okay because he's fine and quoting about love.:/
I just love the completely contrived answers. But at this point...it is all like a fictional tv show to me.
Holy moly, that was a lot of networking. Met lots of great people, lost my voice. Thanks, #DC web people!
Sounds wonderful! Can't wait to see pics of the gingerbread house. City Tavern smells like sweet potato pecan biscuits. yum.
The theory that Eastwoods character "Preacher" was a ghost in Pale Rider was also shown by his bullet wounds on his back.
cool hey way u doing
like that.
oh ok
Running on 5 hours of sleep
Rock to Rebuild rescheduled for March. Check website for more details: baltimoreacts.org
L'Enfant, Friday is Ficelle day for you. Get excited!!
what thaa nut. <U+0001F60F>
Great service today at Kingdom Life! We had our first Conquering Kids service! Pastor BJ taught to soar as eagles! Love my church!!!
breakfast tacos!!
Sue-Bob with the titties!
ha ha.
Scenes got cut but I hung in there! RT : bout to go see #thismeanswar Gonna look for my buddy "
A perfect day in Paradise!
Animation of Logo appears a Success. If any one see's a animation hiccup or can't see a still logo on their smart device. Let me know,thnx
voted for your brother from every phone and on line!!!!! He is the best!!!!!!
*Godz Messenger May 5th at Citadel of Hop Evangelist Church of God in Christ 1517 Ralph David Abernathy Blvd, Atlanta, GA 30310
Happy Birthday!! :) xx
Who's going to NJ or NYC Next week for UFC on FX ?
#ucda Terry is up!
WHO DO WE WANT TO PLAY?
really, how?
... There u go there u go keeping it real
Every other teammate would have been like WTF... He passed it to me?
Gonna be a good weekend in the ville
Thanks Portsmouth for a wonderful evening...hope to come back soon!
Macy,Kate,Aubrey,and Aly are the best friends any girl can have.There so funny and my bffls!Luv u guys!:]
20+ point loss in all 3 states tonite a direct correlation of terrible Kitten Mittens singing at rallies (maybe he'll stop)?
The Bulls still have a solid team. Derrick Rose is a monumental loss for the club, but our bench is still mobbin' and our guys are hungry.
haha ya not a great idea :-) merry Christmas if you celebrate or a happy holiday! See you soon!
Well deserved for a rockstar #PR Pro! :) RT : Congrats to on his promotion!
watch me do it big & i got two kids
on the road all day ..kinda like Duke after its first round tourney game
is ashamed ofall the beers I drank but then I think about the workers in the brewery and their dreams
*to his cat* "When in doubt, make love!"
"but i am not that fearless."
perfection = my personal devil that sits on my left shoulder being perfect instead of taking action.
:-0 terrifying...RT “: By 2030 50% of all Americans will be obese. Let's get that number up, people!!!! #FriesWithThat”
Bring on the rain... My favorite!
Well I do. Me and Ricardo talked about this yesterday!
": I really want a hotdog wit everythin on it...I guess I'll go get one since I don't have no one..:'(" id buy u a hotdog :)
when is the wedding can we make bc the best lady
go Badgers!
Nothing like baby waking up at 5am to start your day with lots of energy, that will last until about 7.30am.
What is you name?
Me too! It'll be the second iTunes movie I'll ever buy.
its a big concert with lots of celebs :]
fell off a 50 foot ladder last night! Fortunately, I was on the bottom rung.
OK try not to be boring. Sit on Matt's lap and give him a kiss. oh that's been done
I need to reread that when I'm home! It's fascinating to see how the underrepresented communities can create power this way
In Germany, first names are not used by strangers, a more formal address will set customers at ease.
im chillin in boston wish u could join me
Thank you for reading and sharing Miguel! Following now!
Bye Bye Birdie callbacks today, then Camille's wedding! Busy, but I'll put on a happy face!
Digital Projects!! One of the main reasons why I registered for NCPH. :-)
Don't tell me you love me and then don't show me no love.
we still dont understand this twitter movement
requesting Where Have You Been by Rihanna on
Check out Sunset Mag's write-up on Sonoma Wineries Sunset Magazine
will do!! Thanks
I might be in love
Vanilla ice cream and cut up mangos <3
Dear Feist: Please stop invading every single station with that 1, 2, 3, 4 song. I can't take it any more.
thanks for the rt
Boy this wind downtown is something else!
#GrandeLove to you all
I WISH I WAS AS SUCCESSFUL AS YOU
Good morning family! Today the Father's decree for you is to walk out destiny and execute purpose! Praying for you all!
Just finished the #HungerGames. Now who wants to see the movie with me?
Two phils tickets available section 139 row 18. hit me up if interested
he was arguing with David Silverman, so yes.
Congrats! I'm racking it up right now: still looking for a librory jab!
what do you get at veggie grill?my oldest sis likes to make veggie kabobs on the grill
The electronic music vibe and great lyrics (+singing)! Listening to it all the time right now.
lol I'm not but my teacher said to be there by 12:30
Do you have a collaborative learning page? Looking for models for collaborative groups K -12. Thanks!
I'm always happy to hear from you. Gracia, Señorita.
I like that!
They do that every 2nd Sunday 10am.. food & money donations at anytime are appreciated .. esp at Cre3sol's open mic
Heard this question posed... If you had to chose - lose a kidney & keep a phone, or lose your phone. What say you?
As a proud, upstanding American liberal, let me say this: "Limey Bastard!"
Haha I'm starving!!! Dnt tease me
Only thing that looked familiar was Marnie begging bf not to breakup with her. I did that in my early 20s. No need to see it 2x.
easier to manage, plus we can have raffles and such. still going to be just as much fun though!
We should take shots out of a turkey baster
I need a Twitter best friend.
The science channel started playing Firefly reruns :)
Hello to all the new followers who have joined from the page. Looking forward to all of your tweets.
": That moment when you get a sweet text & you just sit there smiling at your screen like a weirdo"
you have an amazing...well pretty much everything<U+0001F618><U+0001F60D>
How bout them ravens, signing , and Christian Thompson. Would love them to add OSI to take Suggs spot
sorry, we had to cancel February's #20MAAB. hope to be back next month after the ADDYs
I'll be all good. the person I was with decided to hide who he was for a long time.
who gave u a swirlly...
Three Apparel is at the Abbot Kinney Festival TODAY Sunday, Sept. 27, 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM. Check out our new baby line!
hey! He's on here: Hey Comp--pls send RBI your contact info. I don't have a current # for you. Thanks :)
Seeking a Director of Compliance to manage staff overseeing portfolio compliance, code of ethics, and counterparty/derivatives functions.
Good times Fri w - c U guys soon
is right , honey badger would lay a bitch out! #honeybadgerdoesntgiveashit #yourhashtagssuck #sorryimnotsorry #<3ya
Spring game.
Companies, specifically game developers, (and at times, game publishers) need people to test their games
Across from Yankee Stadium @ The Dugout with a ton of PBR guys and gals.
I want to start going to Youth Group again ..
Thinking of everything I have to do overwhelms me, but I can do the ONE thing I HAVE to do, I will progress.
I miss last year's bullpen.
LOL is the mute button bandit! LOL
This Friday,after Meredith's Power Yoga class in Midtown,we will celebrate happy hour at Salumeria w/ $2 Peroni, $3 wine & free bruschettas!
Warm up with our Manager's Saturday Special at Thrift Shop: all fur coats reduced 30%!
2011 Beer sales down, with estimates showing U.S. shipments at their lowest since 2003 down 2.9 million barrels, or 1.4%, from 2010. LATimes
Motivate - Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.
That "FAIL" moment when you're trying to pull up the covers & you punch yourself in the face. #lol yep, just happened..
I desperately need a new firesuit. Sprint could send me one. I'd wear it with pride
How active is in ur admin? Duz he inform ur #same-sexmarriage views?
what do you think of the logo? :-)
GOOD MORNING FUCKERS
I had Adele stuck in my head on my way to my live shot. Thank goodness for Michael Jackson.
amazing to watch isn't it? Just goes to show seedlings don't matter in hockey playoffs. Just get in, and hot
That was the most random tonight ever. have a nice Tuesday everyone
RT : You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. -James D. Miles
The cittern was played in various forms from the Middle-Ages through the early Baroque period in Europe, though it gained its greatest...
Great players never act suprised when they foul. -Geno Auriemma
Thank you It was a lovely day. And congratulations! Make sure you have a po'boy.
AMAZING commercial!!! AMAZING voice!!!
Yes! ": Looking forward to playing at Curio in with and on Tuesday! 9:30-midnight"
ok I'm losing count of how many times i've met LOL
Now wants to talk to me.
Looking for a new publicist...
Not doing anything tonight... thank you mom for grounding me... D:
: In today's climate of women being marginalized, som thot on that might b encouraged :) Have great wknd urself! TY
And I thank my other followers, mainly familia, who have to see my obsession, and my friends/family just have to deal. L0L!
Looking for a Social Games Producer for a girls gaming site! 6 years exp. in games. Message me if you know anyone!
Aw thanx! Rite bak atcha! RT : You're Hott! : Compliment someone today...and mean it.
This will be the most needed greatest spring break ever to Dallas I go :)
Pacers can't get too discouraged about missing shots. Only down by 4 at end of 1st quarter.
you see it?
On the couch, watching classic Bugs Bunny cartoons w/the fam. And THAT'S what's up, Doc!
yeah do you rally live in switerland however you spell it
ok. Thank u
wants to remind you: "you can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes......you just might find......you get what you need"
I am adding them back in. Finished pulling hair out, then found the google docs problem.
“: <U+266C>Dream Chasers <U+266C>”tough mixtape
Yesterday we made 8 or so batches of lip balm. Need to make 3 more batches of *NEW* flavors today. Stay tuned for the flavor announcements!
I wish I had pizza rn!
I'll take a 40. You a fan of Steel Reserve?
Of course. Can you imagine how unwieldy the nozzle plug combo would be? o_0 RT : was sarcasm. :)
Finished a good workout session now gonna get something to eat than back at it !
he`s my heart , my world , my EVERYTHING
That makes two of us! Thrilled to join the dev team and can't wait to make an impact.
People are gettin rowdy already
Less than a week until ! Who's coming to Taste the South End with us?
Thanks for following new friends
sounds pretty awesome! Are you a full-time musician? What kind of show was that on?
oh no u didnt
Signs u may be replaced as #soccer coach: Team gives you end of year gift card after 2nd game.
gettin ready to hit this block forest ln. @ audielia
"Tell that Bitch to get out and walk to Blvd."
Leading worship Wednesday night for a Junior High lock-in at Rhea's Mill Church w/ special guest ! Love some junior high kids!
Played a program of jazz cartoons for my students tonight: Three Little Bops, Date With Dizzy, Begone Dull Care, Koko, and Rhapsody in Blue
it'll pay off one day haha.Yeah, you too. I didn't get to stay though :/
Statistically speaking that is. One win JV had, then lost.
Got things to do and people to see? Power up your day with breakfast from the Space Room Lounge.
#WrongSongsToPlayInPrison ANYTHING BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR!! :D xDD
RT : Johnson’s Baby Powder is a great base for mascara Add some to ur lashes before applying mascara volume & thickness
I guess it's better than burning a bench player just to bunt. And hey, it's the Pirates
Penn state blue band member Kurt Cleckner, who played hail to the lion for paterno ceremony is interning at Carestream Health in Rochester
Please RT for her 21st Birthday! She absolutely adores you & met u in Pittsburgh! Biggest fan! Loves u. Thank u! <3
Productive day. Made a deadline. Off to yoga. Friday chill out
omg jersey shore was so good<33333
Happy Easter! :)
Adam on Chelsea Lately made me fall off the couch in laughter. XD
Vegas Tip-Off (NAIA) today @ Durango HS. 3pm Concordia vs Our Lady of the Lake. 5pm Vanguard vs MT. State. 7pm San Marcos vs Westminster
I saw him again at dusk in the dead pine. The young Eagle, that he is. His colors not changed, yet.
Congrats on the big win!
just to find a donor who doesn't mind their contribution being recycled every 7 years or so :P
I like that no one ever drops out or quits anymore. They only "suspend their campaign"
Wish I could be like her
It should still respect cookies and such, though, right? At least, it used to in prior versions...
Back to our regularly sheduled program...MacharoMusic
Thanks for the follow ! We look forward to meeting. We love working with
I want to watch Stand By Me :/
I had too!! I keep sayinh it outloud!! RT : STEALER!!!!! RT : Uhh, yeah I'm here for the gang bang!
#SHOUTOUT to my Girls I LOVE you girls <3
RT : regard your silent moments as a gift of time for self reflection.
so nice to hear thank you. Once things calm down a bit I have ideas for how to spread awareness with the funds
God Damn .
No idea. When I found Dave again he was living in Thailand. MTV was starting to suck by then.
incredibly frustrated with your company. Don't sell something you don't have in stock.
God Bless Rev, God So Loved the World that He gave his only Begotten son Jesus. John 3:16
I shot a ton but it was so dang dark don't know how many I can recover.. Will make sure you see then and give you a couple for
I don't want those grips /:
Yikes Nunez....
RT : Lineup at is about 20 min behind. Got to catch a bit of comedy, Big Rock Club up now. Very pop punk a la Ataris.
Could get Summertime Ball I AM GOING..
I refuse to retweet poor grammar. You're=you are.
Vampire Diaries Season Finally... So god!!!!!!!!!
Yep. It's freaky.
the innbetween should be open later before finals
Black History program on 2/2 at 11am. Come see "For Freedoms Sake" at Castle Clinton. Seating is limited so come early
yes?? Oh wait, read that wrong. I'm Dirty Darla
Haha well thank you very much!!
Live demos are a key part of the training webinars I host.
Tix 4 Chicago Express game tomorrow must b bought today 2 count towards our fundraiser for a needy family. Only $17! www.ProjectFlipmode.org
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. - Harry S Truman
2nite 7-9 Bryant Park Myron Walden Momentum features on trumpet in lineage of masters but unmistakably himself
Rick Perry is coming to speak at AU? I'm no fortune teller, but I predict this event will be a circus.
Happy birthday to my boy ! Hope it's a good one!
“ #Leo offers the most heart in one-on-one friendships because thats when the ego and the crowd are not present.”
A big thank you, to all of you who voted for my in NC primary!!
Hodgson hunting top-10 finish
so you taking me to game 1 of the Eastern Conference finals?
I am definitely in need of a crafting rebound, Joe left me very vulnerable.
"That nasty sex talk , rough sex , body's sweating , lip biting , neck sucking & nails deep in my back type of sex >>>” !!!
just recommended you!
mon all or oh?
Remember How Terrible That Sharpener On The Back Of The Crayola 64-Crayon Box Was
PUNKERS!!! Happy happy joy joy!!
"I need a clear picture of the impact of these budget cuts" -Paula Noonan 's board meeting. (We must paint this picture to everyone)
shady bitches <<<
That suspiciously sounds like "no" to a native English speaker. don't mess with my heart.
The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts!
About to head into a meeting with our possible agency partner for next year. Hoping for a little afternoon inspiration from them.
We don't share 'em just for the sake of sharing, but if one needs to access something for some reason then no problem sharing.
So fed up with this shit. and both reneging on coverage of Jen's surgery now.
Recording your own songs is amazing. It's scary but liberating
Flores says vocational training is "his backyard." Admiration for police, nurses.
yea my bad I thot u stayed here
good luck ateh...!!!
We are in search of a fresh new face to become a manager and member of the Milwaukee Ale House staff, tweet us if you are interested!
i gots a new pic up... i'm sexy
Just a reminder that we are closed today, but look forward to seeing you again throughout the rest of the week!
This is where we both get scared, this is where emotion flares.
"Ninjas in Paris" -
You know a good friend when talking to them is like a breath of fresh air.
#dailyfeedback Examples of songs whose meanings have generally being misunderstood. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
Colo US attorney responds to boulder da in med marijuana issue. Says decision to shutter #mmj dispensaries is his choice, not d.c.
goodnight! so tired! #bye bye twitter!
I know-- longest break since this time LAST YEAR. Watch movies, drink wine, make holiday crafts, and oh-- READ :)
big prayers sent and many far away hugs!! March!!
"Want a stamp? I like you, Meg. I like you! Like, like, like, like, like. La, la, la, la, la!"
Remember I posted that I was moving to LA? I ran out of gas in Phoenix. I still have the dream though. How's things going?
I keep forgetting to pick up my shirt I ordered weeks ago! Are you guys at your new location yet? I need to stop by!
<U+0001F44B><U+0001F61C><U+0001F44B> I'm ready, I'll squeeze you so tight you won't be able to breathe
tried nd succeeded!!!!
Oh Steve Schmidt you're making me sick.
hey<3 okay now it's been a few days so WHAT'S MY NAME!!!?????
somewhere Brendan Haywood is laughing. #proofofpunchesthrown?
#astd2012 the signature of the mediocrity is chronic inconsistency. - Jim Collins
true, i take longer but i neve look better.
Everyone's house smells weird and different, except yours.
Pickup Line: You're ugly but you intrigue me.
I'm in love with you :*
Thanks for the RT's and mentions Have a great day!
yes bitch LOL.
A goal without an action plan is a daydream.
. says Google shouldn't have monopoly on "Human Knowledge Project" and regrets lost opportunities b/c of G Books
“When you mess with one part of a person’s life, you’re messing with their entire life."
Get your picture taken with our Bieber cutout tomorrow from 6-6:30 around the fountain at the Rose Quarter! Each pic gets a chance to win it
Off to Dimples with Laura! The rest of you who are cooler should head to Industry!!! Call OPP!
During these hectic days of the season, be sure to take time for yourself.
that's hard to find
Fascinating interview on #WeightOfTheNation An eye opening documentary on how bad nutrition is in our country. mind boggling
Sure do! Thursdays at 7 on ! RT : KCTS has a Check Please?! I used to love that show on WTTW.
Instead of saying you watch the mainstream news, just say, “Me like puppet bags who make mouthy happen.”
-misses you- <3
WOW my birthday is in 2 days haha
...and 14 years since Dharma & Greg aired their "sex in public during the Seinfeld finale" episode...
I will! LOVE your fest & think you're awesome. Doing what I can to promote- hope to see you soon xo ps- did you mean next weekend?
yeah i will show you at lunch . she better be glad im not aloud touching her because her ass would be on the ground
We also think thats a fantastic idea ;) Hope to see you tonight!
hey thanks!
all three of you look great!
Kudos for supporting gay marriage; Stephen Colbert debuts new portmanteau, "gaylageddon"
Should ADHD meds be taken by children & teens? What is your view on this?. I know the answer is "It depends..". Tweet your opinion to me!!
indeed. Thanks. Now ur Celts got to get it done tonight
Touchdown at LAX!
haha. Got nuked
Summer better hurry up....
Word. I sent a text so we'll see what he's up to. I'll probably get there around 530 or so.
Imagine that...John Bolton was the most reasonable at CPAC.
#BlackPeopleGoogleSearches How do I unlock this Iphone I just stole
Ha! Not sure. A laugh if we're lucky.
no, you do! hope to see you soon.
Last Rite rehearsal was a good one. Blessed to have such lovely dancers
Ferreiro: don't build digital libraries like physical libs. That is, don't expect people to just find you.
are we hanging out tomorrow?
Wow. Tweeting on the iPhone is so much nicer. :-)
Don't forget when you ask someone a question and their answer begins with "So,"!
Like IM or here on Twitter???
Nice! I'll have 2 show my 14yo. She loves photography. Bought her a very expensive camera this past Christmas so she'd pursue it
Lady: I'm a temporary appointee to my reference job, and I just applied for the permanent position. Fingers crossed!
On the plane heading to #GIS12 in Las Vegas.
Just had our first actual band practice.. things are really coming along. come to the battle of the bands this friday and check us out!
WPA members Jenny Sidhu Mullins, Laurel Lukaszewski & Mary Early named among top 10 "talents to watch" in Modern Luxury DC mag! Congrats!
I miss u. And I dnt care who know cause its true and I wish I could have 1 more and I promise I'll get it right :D
Thank you so much for the wish. I don't have children but appreciate it regardless. You have a great day also !!
awww ok sounds like fun
Less than 2 hours to kickoff!
Dual-Mode Telephony Solutions Fall by the Wayside...
LMAO. RT : Reggie Miller just used "size does matter" and "clog the middle" back to back.
Wouldn't be surprised to see #betterpassesthanrudygay..what was that?
Hanging at AT &T White Lake 9278 Highland Rd., free concert tix and smartphone stuff 5p til 7!
I CANT GET OFF MY LAZY BUM! I'm absolutely knackered.
Thank you for the follow!
business administration.
What's the % of Lexus, BMWs and Mercedes in the I-15 toll lanes? Are they truly 'Lexus lanes?' Find out Saturday
that's how I feel about FB! O.o
must. have. asian. kitchen.
If I had to make eyeball estimate, I'd say there are about 17,000 in attendance @ tonight's Pacers game. & lots of tix were sold very cheap.
Shoutouts to ! Everyone go follow him if you haven't! He's also my manager so hit him up for booking
you made it to Austin?
Visit the Hirshberg Training Team booth#716 at the #LAMarathon Expo & receive a FREE wristband! Fight #Pancreatic Cancer!
heard you were at Cosetta's last night. Anytime you want to challenge me in PIG, let me know. Hope you liked St. Paul.
- Hi - we're putting together a girl's getaway - we're talking about it - alot on facebook - please come and find us....
TKS, Nichole! Had a GREAT time at the NH Creative Club last night - what a nice group. :) Now - back to it! xo
Thanks, Mark!
Consensus based standards: Anyone can send in comments, and they all need to be answered, addressed. & the process needs to be open
hey i love your videos so much. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie. =)
Our services include: Residential & Commercial Cleaning, Basement & Garage Clean Outs, Foreclosure Clean Ups, & Carpet Cleaning
Today is a very quiet day, mentally and physically.
I'm an awesome friend and I will always be there for anyone who needs me. But I am NOT a good enemy to have. Learn some respect for others.
lets just see whats up on twitter real quick
Congrats to the Packers
OH MY LORD
hey now, dont be mean to riley. he's a pretty cool guy..
I'll be staying away from any bars/mexican restaurants tonight.EW all the FSU pple are down.They need to go back to tally.
Thanks for following us !
REALLY THE GUY KILLED HIMSELF .SAD BUT THERE WAS HELP HE QUIT LIFE!!!!
True, u never know what to expect, ur best bet is to sit on the other couch so u can have a head start to run, lol
Right back at all of you gal pals!! RT: : Thanks for your love today! xoxo
here is an ode to Apple or the BIGGEST Apple of our generation
Shame on you for talking reason and sense in to me about going to Phoenix haha... Stupid practicalness :)
big brother fan......lovin it
RT : Happy World Blood Donor Day! Celebrate by donating!
Why did I have to go and do a stupid thing like that?
First she was having dreams....now she's talking about "friends"...i need Alicia to calm down lol
RT : Currently in the studio, cleanin up that & "Army Strong" track as we speak ...
My life has turned into returning emails all of my time.
looking forward to date night with Ryan: Dinner and Les Miserables!
RT Making a mistake is the best way to *really* learn something. Have patience for the mistakes of others - we all make em!
I want my iPhone already :(
Peyton is ONLY qb we could accept behind center other than tebow. Perfect fit for den and tim learns from all time best
Retweet if you remember how kickass Museum Madness from MECC was growing up.
It's Christmas Eve, it's Christmas Eve, and my dad is annoying me!!
Don't forget to tune in tonight for Around the World in 80 Plates on - cheer on !! Go get 'em girl!!!
Those of us that have been loyal to Apple stayed because their customer service was great... it no long is
#Redskins giving up an arm, leg and left testicle to Rams just to move up 4 spots and draft RG3. Time to drug test those Skins.
What if I used a belt as a tie? would that be equally cool?
End of year party w Party Boyz live in concert! Vbar 4500 west ave! San Antonio!
Stay in & drink.? Or go out & drink.? Either way we drinking.!! <U+E414>
Wondering how Kinect would translate the pregnant version of me into an avatar. Thinking it would not be cute.
#HappyEaster to all of our followers!
Back at work after a week's vacation! Have a story idea? Send them my way! Thank you!
Love it when a buddy at work wins $5,000 playing online poker
‘The Tradition’ 1867 After losing her father, a woman unwittingly takes a job as a maid ...
Jeryl Brunner: Daring Deals and the Art of Taking Risks
so true pham
Wow 7:30 p.m. Sat 10-15-2011 Unconfirmed estimates ranging as high as 50,000 people in Times Square.
LOVING the #fxchannel. Back to back superhero movies! No better way to spend this lazy Sunday!
I had one that was a hard calcium deposit. The doctor slit it open and took out this small rock. Cool.
haha i think you have told me that before...
love me some joe johnson...played hoops for my hogs. Wish we could have kept him longer. Lol
I love my city yo. I can't wait to go back.
There's no such thing as coffee stain resistant t-shirts or no-spill coffee cups so I'm gonna go with Tide pen. Who's got one?
“: Cal State Dominguez Hills: rallies planned here, marchers will go fr Carson, to Watts, into S
look what I post, is this for the EscapeRoutes show?
They don't clean up as much. When I need something vacuumed, I need to use a real, tough, wise old vacuum to get the job done.
I used a China ball lamp & Ed Burns on his film Newlyweds used only a china ball & natural lighting. It's a nice diffuser
Help yourself & others create wealth by helping people save money by shopping online. Simple. Easy. Beautiful! www.marketamerica.com/lasko
that was a great interview.
9am Arsenal vs Wolverhampton Wanderers
that's what she said?
I WANT SOME, YOU WHORE!!
i swear i stay at the mall like i work there smh
I'm not gonna lie...this boy gives me butterflies! :)
lol, not yet, but with Republicans writing crazy laws everywhere, you never know! :)
so much stuff happened while i was gone..
yes, sign up, you'd like it! use my link, I get points when I refer people :)
Lol yeah.. no worries, you missed nothing.
I think you mean GREAT use of tech, Carrie! :)
We're issuing a call 4 future BAEMP meet-ups! Where would you like to have an evening gathering? The , or elsewhere?
Thanks for the follow.
Brains over beauty.
I can try lol; I've been working on a change wallet recently! (:
Second, Gonzales will be a big dissapointment
or a woodchuck conference.
Super excited for HH tomorrow night, and Trivia night Thurs night with my girls!
. CEO Martin Knott tells house budget committee of investment in company 5 years ago now a $10m Maryland company
smooth one!
“: hey Al..what's it mean when my battery icon turns grey and has an ! over it?”. Means your on twitter too much
even for someone w/a disdain for TV, that's a must-checkout show.
30 mins left to try and win...
Back in #LexVegas for the afternoon...Beautiful Day!!!
yeah I like that one too!
that's what another kid was saying. Nothing quite like an English class where all we do is discuss hockey
I think it's time I go back into my hiding place again!
I c y they mad though, I do this with ease...
Enjoying the beautiful weather in Hazleton, PA! Thank you Jesus! JOEL 3:10!
Hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed working on it (so much)!
'Kay, I know it was a few hours ago but it wasn't offensive. You're funny and everyone's a critic so don't feel bad. <3
Congrats! And this weekend you'll get to run a wicked fast marathon :)
Watch out for our next contest! You could be lucky one.
Help us, O God our Savior, for the glory of your name. Deliver us and forgive our sins for your name's sake. Ps. 79:9
Ha. Starlin going all Zambrano-esque in the dugout!
When you learn how to accept instead of expect, you'll have fewer DISAPPOINTMENTS!
GL, Steve!
if I could I would
"parallel park while I'm ghost riding.. Black diamonds yeah I'm racial profilin"
Thought is useful when it motivates for action, and a hindrance when it substitutes for action.
I'm so down!
"The problem we have in America is that there is no sense of urgency when we look at this problem." Call to action
- This Rack City Song Gets Annoying Ass Fuck . ! *
You wanna see some ass , i wanna see some cash keep them dollors comin , and thats gon make me dance. & thats gon make me dance.
lol bet, guess ill go tent shopping o.o
Free New Belgium Dig Pale Ale from 6-8pm tonight! RT to share the love with your friends!
Tomorrow is my birthday & my present to myself are the 15lbs I lost in 6 weeks. Thank you V3! Ask me about it! #VoyagerHealthTechnologies!
It can be stretched to the almost ludicrous, but it must always be believable
Most absurdly hilarious #seinfeld plot: The professional hand model who fell "in love" with his own hand!
Excellent idea! Where do you like to golf? Have you ever checked out one of our courses?
I'm very annpyed that all my shows are ending for the season
Can't wait to see the New York Post tomorrow.
lol wouldn't it be nice though! Like nights you wish he would be there just turn on that song
Somebody who can groove as good or even better than me turns me on.Nothing worse than causing friction instead of dancing
Thx! RT great Bitters the Hollandaise Sauce was incredible w/ the poached eggs as well as the ice cream
I know but I live 3rd story apt and I'm by myself
Gaga Lights Up Our Lives <3
*Slicing my head to the right in negation*
Always a compliment.
Tell me that you never brake my pretty little heart
on election day, 10,000 recall signatures collected by 600 volunteers in 13 hours - 13 signatures / minute
What is the cross for me today but the death and disappearance of the very thing I thought was good and solid? 1 Corinthians 1:18-25
RT : A man faces charges after he claimed to be the new manager of a Denny's then cooked himself a cheeseburger and fries.
all i know is im 190$ richer tonight !
1 final down, 4 to go! Ready to just be done!
Thrilled to be writing on my iPad. Probably replaces 90% of my laptop time.
is smoking on the dance floor!!!! Wow!
Bitches These Days!
Thanks for helping New Orleanians de-stress with $10 #RestorativeYoga classes during the month of May
Go buy them from my mom!
If you have a new years resolution to make more money let me know. I have some ideas for you! $$$
Thanks to everyone who came out to to watch It's always a blast Win Lose or draw. See you all this Sat
awesome photos
ahh so excited to see at even tho he's not performing till sunday but at least lolla is tomorrow!
My features tell, my benefits sell!!!
"I'm embarrassed... about how good mine is" -
MT : Kathy Nickolaus answering Q's as she hands out 1st results. #wunion #p2 || What the HELL is she doing handing out ANYTHING?
Join us tonight for trivia with DJ Play to win tasty bevs and even a cash prize.
OH SNAP! A-Meezy aka about to start shuttin' down beats, HATERS SIT DOWN. (:
i would like the record to show that if I had money to give, i would say yes. :)
Missing the Go!!!¡¡¡ Right now
You think ALA is bad? No matter what my email prefs, I always get metric tons of paper spam (but little email) from SLA vendors.
#Steelers vs. #Browns. Who are you rooting for?
you're now approved.
#StayAwayFromMeIf you are not loyal cant have no judice ass people around me
Love it!
Feb 1, 1964: The gov of Indiana declared that the song "Louie Louie" was pornographic. He asked that indy radio stations not play the song.
well at least you're honest.
crook & opportunist--how about the sweat shops?
I was just looking out for the team! Haha
Just had chili, pulled pork sandwich, roast beef, fruit, cake and pie. Thanks publix samples for suppling dinner
Thanks for the shout-out! We're pretty excited about it.
ha! After three beers hoot becomes huit.
The way things work out is funny sometimes.
#Tynes is hitting some pretty close field goals
stay strong. Whatever you're going through, it'll be over soon. <3
That amazing feeling when your crush texts you first.
Christ & spirituality-proximity is priority.
Big win for the new-look Magic today!
Walking through a ghost town on furlough friday.
You're welcome, Susan. My pleasure to tweet your excellent posts...Jeannette
The amount of security and secret service at the Four Seasons breakfast in Mexico is hilarious. And I thought DF was insulated from narcos!
girl open wide, you feel me kissing on ya thighs,look me in the eyes, ima take you for a ride
These ads for Consumer Cellular crack me up. They target old folks... then put all kinds of disclaimers in tiny print grandma can't see.
My guess is Mike Zimmer!
last clue: it's a gamble.
What US lawyer fought in the Nicaraguan Civil War of 1854, became President of #Nicaragua in 1856, and was executed by Honduras in 1860?
Meeting at 7:30, but at the park at 2:30 so time to ride some rides.
All my respect to the homies at sxsw! If you didn't pour out of Seattle, let's get proper pissed tonight
I have nobody woke to talk to :/
Tomorrow I'm visiting to put the final touches on the "Unsigned from Uptown" project before its ready for revisions & mastering.
Tonight on after the game: a World War Two airman from Port Washington will be buried in Arlington, 67 years after his death.
Your story is so inspirational I keep watching soal surfer over and over again:)
“: Mumford & Sons fans. Check out the cover of Awake My Soul performed at 's Easter services! centralonline.tv”
good column! I read everything about the broncos (long time season ticket holder) and this is the 1st I've heard of Garland
Thanks to everyone that has followed me ill be sure to follow you back!!
Photographers, please remember that today is the last day to submit photos for our Ales & Lagers Photo Contest and Exhibit!
Celebrating my one month with #lovers <U+0001F618>
so true.
I'm tuned in!
“: Yes, I imagine the Spring Arcade becoming LA's version of SF's Ferry Building #DTLA”
Of course he would find zach dancing on stage hahaha
I'm such a nerd!!
lmao. i hope it dont get worse:,(
None whatsoever.
How can I help my 4 yr old deal with a rageful schoolmate? My son is sweet, small.
Haikeet #5: does that bird mean me? / pointy qwah qwah ping my ear / "stop gaping and write!"
<<<< Donate to Mike bird he needs everyones help!
If I had it my way, I’d slit your throat with the knife you left in my back.
omfg. somebody why finally understands! lord thank you Jesus !!
Anyone have a cool trade show prize idea? (small show)
I want to hear something!!!!!!
Q3 Using Google docs to create a collaborative grade level poetry book.
": "Absence makes the heart grow fonder, but it sure makes the rest of you lonely." #CharlieBrown" awww
can u plzzz follow me u followed me on my other account
Let's see what y'all sound like without that auto tune
PLEASE FOLLOW NOW .... DO IT
Yea Bro Mine Started In this Shoe Line
Sally is all holier than thou now.
Wacthing ni**gas promote video after video with no album is hella funny. I remember when a artist would barely get 3 videos per album......
haha I literally LOL'd xD it's funny seeing bios like that!
Just chillin watching this fake baby for my sister. Im rocking it right now (:
you tryin' to say all Filipinos look alike?
My Old Bitch Seen My New Birch N She Txt Me Go Ta Hell I Txtd.Ha Back Cn I Gt Sum Head Lol
WE HAVE THE LEBRON'S THAT COME OUT NEXT WEEK... COME GET THEM FROM US NEXT WEEK
You can tell the people who been around money before..they don't trip about what another person have or doing
I would love to, once I save up a bit. :)
Thanks for posting the tweets on the current play list. I tune in often because of it. Bill
Depending on the state, the school has to have permission from the parent to spank a kid, so black parents have to stop this.
Almost every single ad on today's is a giveaway!
Headin fer the barn cash game winners
Karaoke has started
let's welcome Modern Event LA...the best in LA.
LOL...so all the people who bought those stupid "shape up" shoes, like the three in my building, we're scammed! Too funny!
Congrats to Adam Brock on moving forward in the American Idol contest! We wish Adam much success in Las Vegas!!
Did you know you can borrow my book for free on Amazon Prime and Kindle Lending Library?
My fave childhood memory is being forced to sleep with a blanket whose patterns all too strikingly resembled my great aunt's spider veins.
no i live in baltimore love!
It's interesting to think that now I'm getting ready for work and a couple nights ago I was eating drunk tacos at this exact time...
Skyping while were at #Social with Bianca in her
Am at Tombs. More awkard preppy dads. More Nelly and Ke$ha. History repeats itself.
maxi better ask to forgive his sins lol
play to much!
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves People who say a lot of bullshit about me.
Yes, hope not. Mine was 1/3 empty after 2yrs. Since I quit, have only taken 2 pills (due to hangover and not Perpetual Wednesdays)
it is not spelled unst....
I got that for days as long as you have an open budget to work.
This might be too advanced for me. Perhaps I should start with the novice version “You Are A Wannabe Writer.” LOL
Driving test tomorrow.. Gotta practice everything I need to know!
You know I have a concussion when it's 8:40pm and I wanna go to bed..
Watching #buggy races ... Don't you wish you had those?
if your talking about school im with you
My flight attendant looks like Jamie Lee Curtis....I kinda wanna ask her how the Activia's working. lol.
me to i love my friends how weird they are and funny i wish austin would come here though
Guys! Follow ! She is a mahomie (:
thanks. Everyone likes to see their name in... steel?
en route to #morandi's brunch w my favorite ppl!
Thanks for the RT! I'm considering starting such a chain once I'm done with residency. I have the business background.
Pah! Not fair. So.. if I had a question about your site where would I email? ;)
Time to repeal completely worthless ballot measure then...
I cant wait to meet u at Vidcon!!! :D I was there last year but I didn't see you! D:
Congrats - you have won a ticket to and a $50 gift card to ! We will send you a DM :)
#CareerRealTalk "You have to have balance life. Your household has to be tight to be able to take care of business."
I'm not okay
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 2001 Computer's operating system MAC OS X went on sale.
CrossFit X-Factor tomorrow @ 3! Who wants to go?
I'm from Nevada, but I live in Florida
That awkward moment when you almost say reporting for Krdo news radio while on tv.
Slide 7 FTW!
Reddit added categories after about a month in, but then ditched them after negative user feedback.
Whelp....back to reality!
#RIP Dick Clark #NYE will not be the same anymore
OMG YAY ITS TWO PEOPLE I LOVE BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
lmaoooo we get it from you;)
I Dident fall for you you triped me...
Anyone hangout?
want my bitch to make yo bitch look like precious
In the second half KU needs to step up their game. T-Rob could MAKE some shots and generally we need to not suck.
Haters gonna hate.
What The Heck Is This Thing? via
Doin it BIG tonight
It took me about five hours, but now I get it. Wale. Well played, good sir.
I wonder who whines more Greg from "Yes Dear" or Ross from "Friends"?
what is your "go-to" workout for lower body? #kickboxing #running #plyometrics ?? Any of these?? We need inspiration!
By the way, Kings take game 1 over the Blues. LA has got to be the hottest team in the playoffs. Watch out for the dangerous 8 seed!
You didn't follow me back lol . .
the sneaker game is all based around hype. Demand for products is what drives the market.
yes LET'S CHILL!!!:)
You know, I wanted to see Avengers mostly because I hoped to see the new #TDKR trailer, which I already have. I'll still go. Lol
Pretty sure that's why they invented takeout. (Was going to say GrubHub, but I don't think it's reached your neck of the woods.)
HES TALKIN SHIT! IM THE REAL DEAL! you read that in Niall's voice didn't you? :P
Just touched down in Atlanta whats poppin!
hey long time no talk... how you been?
I've literally been hitting snooze for two and a half hours. #48HRL recovery.
...Last time I was there Brooklyn Bridge Park had just opened but was still under construction.
Old TMac would've hit that.
12 year olds getting upset over a one month relationship..
SHE RTED ME AGAIN! HOLY FUDGE BALLS.
I love wearing his shirt :3 <3
And so begins a cycle of all front-end development work for the next few weeks. It's always feast or famine.
Actor's Choice client Doug Kampner must be the busiest actor I know!! Congrats on your recent booking for a role in the new Batman movie!!
Chilling Almost Done With My Mixtape But Need Help Promoting My Music Can Somebody Help Me......... -KaeSmoove
R.I.P. MCA of the Beastie Boys
awesome; keep posting :) what's the question marks about? O_o -confused-
lol i dont know about the thug part....
oh lol sorry
why thank you Jessie Jo. :)
www.rit. edu/brickcity registration is back open! Enjoy the new website and thx for your patience!
just said Paul McCartney was more successful solo than with the Beatles. I can't believe he's allowed to breathe my air.
Time to round up your karaoke backup singers
well when I get my setup you are more than welcome to eat shit on them
I smellith the views of a Sooner in Tx. ;-)
He dead?? : #RIPJaRule you won't be missed
We're working on our new client's brochure: Microsage. We lover our clients!
i love how were all taking tests..
good luck ..!
Cool Runnings trending just made me so happy..... "Sanka, ya dead?" ... "Yaa Mahhnn"
Hard work pays off.
let's give them something to talk about
So you're gonna wave off a 16 vs dealer's 9 and then get mad at her when you lose. Yeah, it's HER fault that you suck!
It's a self-chosen topic for an essay for school. Any examples + links + thoughts would be greatly appreciated! RT, too! <3
you're welcome man. Thanks for saying hello. So you're here in Nashvegas too?
Today's attendance at Miller Park is 46,086. It's the second largest crowd for a #Brewers game in this venue.
In chi <3
no. Just a reminder. :)
what kinda math are you doing? I hate math :(
The cake was....
Getting ready to do a final grading push. Soundtrack suggestions?
Me too...Happy New Year!
I wanna go out to dinner today
is learning all kinds of web 2.0 stuff.
Chat about #musesocial on 3/15 from 12-5 ET. We're discussing #museum social media goals, management, audiences learning. (RT )
have a magnificent week ahead! :)
I could be your #buzz lighter fly u across the globe
Summer Love > Any Other Kind Of Love
getting it in @ tilted kilt!
#ReasonsYouGetStabbed because I'm puerto rican
Going to see think like a man act like a lady wit my man dat if he dnt change his main to go see sum else
What's good O
It sounds like my neighbors are blowing shit up. Wiki is freaking out. I don't blame her.
Class starts in a couple minutes! Live audio today! :)
“: ": I really hope that sees 's tweet that she just sent...." #TooLate”
Tell me again how Jorts is in the NBA? He sucks
I know.
": Well how about that! #OriolesMagic" I second Brotha! Now lets finish the shit!
literally will start any minute
Thanks for the write up on Grounded in Music!
Can't wait to hit up the event tonight!!!
Right now im in school bored Af. spanish isnt that fun when doing work ugh but its almost over
#SaySomethin is amazing... Its juss perfect... Thanks Austin for everything... Ur an amazing person. Love u.
On the telli with Robert (:
Rescuers down under on the Disney channel what a way to see me off #questionable?
As air fares cool, it's time to take a break abroad - Economic Times
THEY LOOK SO GOOD.
The internet has ruined my life.
RT!!! Needed that :)": Don't give them no more chances, they already had their turn. Everything happens for a reason."
Truly, but with as few automobiles as possible.
There's a chance that I might have to go into PR crisis mode tomorrow. Although on those occasions, I pretend that I'm on 24.
I hope the girl I tried to save from getting an MIP, PI, DWI, or whatever made it home safely...she was gone!
Superburgers are what dreams are made of!
What have you got against Kevins? We’re not so bad…
miss you, maybe you'll get a 14th wind and stop by! : )
about what
Physically exhausted from this trip! It was a true test of metal endurance to make it fun none-the-less!
thanks for joinin gus! !
Don't worry too much, baby sister; it's nothing they haven't been through before. They're pretty mild compared to old days
Don't know how you've done it alone Love you mom<U+2764> #MothersDay <U+0001F338><U+0001F490><U+0001F337>
her mother gives me life. That is how you live at 76! Love some Mrs. Shirley!
haha, loved it.
“: Valentines Day Is 4 Single People To Get It In cus If you In a Relationship This should Be A Everyday thing For You #IJS”
You know your team is top class when the people your cutting are better than any teams starters will be missed
You're so wise. You're like a miniature Buddha, covered in hair. I'm sure is more your style
What if Barry REALLY IS not legal eligible to be President?This question must be answered and the pressure to have it answered must not stop
yes we do.
Cipher meeting!
Best time in Fay spending the day with my crazy blondes
nothing on the books yet. It's all Berlin and Zurich for now
You're probably right lol
loving that my former students from 2008 EDU519 are tweeting at #tfa20 fantastic! hope you're doing well!
|| well I know Miami has Winter Music Conference and I've just never been to Cancun.
is going to build a new flight tracker app in 11 minutes using the
hi love u too
If Gasol + Bynum show up every game, they could give OKC problems, especially with Perkins hurt.
This is comedy central...
09.22.11 SETLIST: Copy of a Copy / Mantooth / Color Coded / Background / [new song] / Riskless Business / Hoax Hunters
My sister asks me the same question 7 times each time I give her the answer she ask the question again is the equivalent of stupidity
“: we have tickets to Interpol+Blonde Redhead at terminal 5 on Sunday. Follow + RT with "I LOVE " to enter”
Well then give me some love and don't come at me all wrong, look back at the time when you were new.
Hey Folks! What are we talking about this evening?
are we still on for day 3 dinner? what are we making?
Not being able to be with my brothers and sisters in the is the worst. Good news though, I still believe.
can't wait for #SNL to come on T-minus 40 minutes Denver time
All i want to do is sleep ^.^
Guys. We have the APUSH test tomorrow. LOL.
Dean's is rocking some throwback Beck during load-in. Great way to start off the night!
Look down, look up , I'm on a horse! (so funny)
Support local arts, artists and crafters this holiday season. Tis the season to support creativity!
Friedrich Kittler died yesterday: Gramophones, Film, and Typewriters will never be the same.
That does tile. Sweeps and mops. Sam is shedding. grrrr.
For those not still in a food coma, tune in to at 9:30 to see our own talking abt the best tailgating essentials!
then wen say, "becoming famous" if he alredy is lol he's recognized by plenty artist lol
No i don't think soRT : Kawhi's new Twitter:
my head wants to explode ;(
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. ~ Danny Kaye
If you can't query on it, you can't segment on it -- so don't try
thanks for following me!! I followed back
I don't want to drop out... but... school sucks
Yep I will be there. This is a going to be another great episode.
You can't believe a rumor!If you think something is true about me and it really isn't,don't you think you should ask before assuming it? O_o
well, that some of you.. needs to teach more of the others ! haha :)
lmao it's true!
fun lunch w/ SLab and other pals today, but now I can't get the Monty Python "Philosopher's Song" out of my head.
yep.. sorry for the long wait..
hostile much?
thanks for the follow jason
When a friend stops texting you and you really need them. Sucks...
what you just felt back there is not really real
so, i wasn't sure whether or not to share this, but i did get an email this morning from that guy from last night...
Shouldn't it be Beer & Pretzel Day. They go together if you ask me. Shoot it's only 7:30
Really wants to go to the ..if only there was no such thing as work & school & money rained from the sky or grew on plants...
I want some Taco Bell!
Whether you are asking for help from a #charity or #donating, make sure it is #legit before you give your information.
Are you a #Law #Student or #Professor? We'd love to add you into our community and share ideas. @ us and we'll follow back!
Taxes, especially when fair & progressive, are a sound investment in our shared lives and future. Gripe about regressive taxes.
instead of subtweeting, let's collect money
I was a hot lunch kid.
why you in Cincy????
#ThatAwkwardMoment When Your Crush Walks Into One Of Your Classes And Your Friend Has To Be The Loudest To say somethin
Devils vs Rangers tomorrow let's go Devils!!!
Looking like a lioness at the hairdresser - ridiculousness.
My hope and prayer is that everyone know and love our country for what she really is and what she stands for. ~ John Wayne
word bro! What you up to?
Bought much-needed book from online (via ). It came with HPB price tag $5< what I paid. At least take the tag off!
Come to BSU #DonationDays if you have anything to get rid off. We're on Riverside + New York. Fiji House and TIS.
Regular exercise has proven to be effective in helping to limit the damage from hypertension and cardiac events.
I'd like to be in on the test run of the #accessibility podcast, if the opportunity is still there. Thanks!
Thx Mo! I was in NYC. I'll be there for good in a week!
I don't think I know
In a chocolate chip cookie coma.....
Please see my answer on to: Do i have to pay child suport if my wife and i are seperated because of a restraini...
I'm gonna come slap him and not in a just ate the pie kinda way
right there is my follow button ^ would you like to push it(:
Think we can stop at the McDonald's drive thru real quick?
In the war between cats & dogs, cats definitely win when it comes to interwebs dominance.
suspect in murder of Carlsbad mom
Hmm. She still wants a bear....hmm...there are so many ways I could go with that tweet *wink*
What's happening to you?
Sundays are more enjoyable when the #Vikings are doing well!!
I dont like LIARS.
You still heading into town in a week?
Car I rode in with casual carpool this morning did not have a working speedometer. Very exciting.
Happy BIRTHDAY :) may your wishes come true :)
I was just informed by an AF buddy of mine, that my site is blocked by gov't computers- It's good to know I must be doing something right!
Goodness . I cant wait until #BELIEVE is finished & released (:
I gotta to get it even if it's in the worse way that cake like its my birthday
Finally someone who [doesn't] speak english! - The avengers.. lol
I would love to see a team with no money behind them get somewhere for once.
Just confronted an idiot who was running down the escalator, weaving in between people. He may think again next time, but I doubt it. :-(
: Found out it was #DinersDriveInsAndDives, FYI
Ugh again. Phoenix puts every mistake in the net, and Smith allows absolutely nothing. Average team with exceptional goalie
Two sold out shows in MKE tonight and ... congrats! MKE loves live music!!
I just want to drink free while I donate my money “: “: government laws” I miss the free market”
Blizzard: Most pro maintenance game developers ever, JK, Super Mario World had better realm maintenance.
starting to think all the best #photographers are obsessed with Dr Pepper
No homo lol
It's been a long day...I need a drink <U+0001F37A>lol...or something right now
You can also register for a chance to win an iPad all February long - but let's be honest, the REAL prize is the Banana Pudding froyo.
Great final four match up; Kentucky, Louisville, Ohio State vs Kansas
RT : I will never be perfect, but I will always be unique :)
I jus play wit my check u kno i been had cake
just interviewed the CEO of Domino's. No sign of the Noid.
Figured out a way to use WCF AJAX services in a mixed HTTP/HTTPS environment
S/O to my new friend
What time is best for you? I am free around 3pm?
Do I make you nervous?
it's gonna be good. I think they're sufficiently "Rachel." I land at 1:45... almost there!! :)
Where's ?:c
Yes: it's asymptotic.
Fireman fire hot
What are you doing with your holiday weekend?
_ nails a jumper at the buzzer to give the #Blazers a 99-97 win over the #Mavs in OT.
Just landed in New Orleans. Can't wait to see what this place is like on St. Patrick's Day and round 2 of March Madness.
Seriously that was like the longest moment of our lives lol not complainin tho
Jennifer Birdwell, contratulations on all of your new team members! Great week!
Just 'LOVING ON GOD' will change your entire perspective of the day and of your circumstances.
Creativity = Previously Unrelated Idea 01 + Previously Unrelated Idea 02
bumping cuts with and need something to do for spring break any ideas people?
Welcome to my Fenway old-people nightmare, haters.
Pete got slapped around by an old British guy!!!
Romeo, save me, I've been feelin' so alone...
Made me laugh. Could start an annual Rear Window Christmas tradition. Less depressing than the other one.
thanks for following David
Happy BIRTHDAY :) may your wishes come true :)
Looking forward to them!
i love ur lips as well hun
I'm nothing without you <\3
RT : He's Just Not That Into Bacon
I hope the woman sitting next to me on the bus paid for
I think you would be really into In Watermelon Sugar if you haven't read it yet.
Walt Disney World generates about 120,000 pounds of garbage every day.
Come to think of it, BILL AND TED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE meets SCHINDLER'S LIST would also be pretty awful.
Italian Fries With Cheese From Papillon's Pizza for the CSR's!
What do u mean no reason bro... I respect the rings and the stats. Im tired of people looking for the next Jordan.
Hi babe
check out (Japanese samurai exhibit), (Tut exhibit!), (Ansel Adams & Georgia O'Keefe exhibit)
I'm single but one I will find someone out there for mee lol
You're quite welcome brother!
If we can conquer space, we can conquer childhood hunger. - Buzz Aldrin
I have a great blog.... Wanna talk?
Also congrats!
Why is the the dog or crazy guy always called charlie in all the shows.
you would probably get behind him and push his ass you sick bastard
let's be honest, your brain didn't even go down to Miami with you. ; p
Criticisms are of the CCP, but feed into a propaganda that de-humanizes China at large in the Western eyesight.
Dear Yankees: And that's what it feels like to be FISTED! BOOM!
you southern boys dont know about this
So proud of She helped her HESA program win multiple awards at #VCU Leadership and Service Awards
I guess you know better what I am doing so why should I argue with you? ;)
Yes, I AM fun! And unstoppable.
Is it bad I'm starting to not like austin anymore it's freken Bieber all over again
Tough holding these Temptations........
I jus wona say goodmorning to all ugly ass bitches lol straight up
Successful Mission!!!
I wish I had the language skills for some of those jobs. I saw an awesome one in Germany recently, but I don't speak German well
I watched my neighbor's son play with his shotgun in the street.
Chic makeup artistry @ ulta Carlsbad the forum ca until 3:30 Right next to amazing Boscia skincare! Come meet with us!
He wants to start the entire process all over again. Wants staff to talk to communities. They kinda already did that.
RT If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail! Kurt Cobain
A Prius joke. A bit offensive.
Value every frustration. It’s the key to opening this – and every other – door!
Junction Rd. off of Hwy. 26 in Jefferson Co. is closed after a truck carrying ethanol rolled over. Unknown if truck is leaking ethanol.
U havent seen his family pic tho lmaooRT : Twitter hates Dell's sweaters. Everybody must want him in knee length white tees.
It is what it is
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day!
Is it Friday yet?
Sex isn't better than love!
": #Aquarius think waiting for help is a waste of time. They do the shit themselves."
BUSINESS/LEADERSHIP TIPS:
I can proudly tweet that Im a lover of the big women. Any and every BBW are lovely to me. Im sure Ill like u...
Come visit at LA fitness in Brookhaven. She has goodies from
Everyone wants happiness,nobody wants pain..But you can't have a rainbow without a little rain..!
Don't forget to follow us at Twitter:
Saw ~15 #wegmans trucks on ROC - NJ ride today. I wish that debonair man with the plate of carved meat was my uncle.
Kid, you sound so desperate oh my lord. Let me punch you in the face.
I just showed Micah the video and we couldn't stop laughing. So freaking hilarious. Love that you showed me it last night.
Why it sound Like its hailing?
I know, right!? I could just go the easy route....
So, how was everyone's weekend? Come up to the GA Kiosk & tell me about it this afternoon or this morning to Jen & Stephanie. A drink too?
Original #DubStep ? #PeterGabriel song "My Head Sounds Like That" from 2002! wow...
Randy Orton going too win
i didn't see VEEP this week but will catch up when i get home this weekend. Espana is fabuloso!
Today was boof I got beat up by all damn day
idk man... i just love Josh Hutcherson
watching random videos on youtube and watching my cousins xD
ok....going to lay down..and see when the Landlord shows...if he shows...thanks for listening...
No coffee, dairy, gluten or alcohol for the next few weeks. Am I loving or punishing myself?
THAT'S MEAN! He had surgery. He can sleep if he wants to. Don't bother him or I'll kill you <U+0001F621>
u will find more of it in college
let's go to MEADSSSSSSSSS and not leave :|
Hello Twitterlandia! Working on tagging place names in Paradise Lost for a DH project. Think I'll do Book 11 although Book 2 calls...
you have a girlfriend?!? aw. :)
Q1 What are affirmations? Explain.
So you can get Pepsi Shiso for about $15 a bottle off Ebay. Worth it?
Thank the lord for clean hits like Ovie's, eh?
thanks for the follow and look forward to working with u!
And by the way we do punch bitches.
Finally have a copy of mixed in key. Phenomenal!
How does this contraption work?!
RT : yes tea bags and cucumber removes puffiness
Trey said hes riding with vega. I just wanted to make that point clear.
TGIF!Good morning!
I FEEL LIKE KSWISS MAKING A COME BACK
Thanks for following everyone! Try get me too 1000 followers anyone? #RT shout it returned
skoool was fun today barley did work
Picking Duff up from the airport for some weekend trade show fun! Go Southwest Food Expo!
reinstate Big Northern Girl Goes Down's blog! Please!
We all miss you so much!!! Come back and visit us :-) And, retweet the blog link!! Shit's hilarious!!!! xoxoxoxoxox
#AERA2012 co-presenting a communication PD workshop at 8:00. Let's do this!
What are your thoughts on the city of London?
What an AMAZING #event! Thank you to Miki for hosting & thank you to everyone who came last night!
No music, no watch. Just a nice 5.5 mile run along the Rocky River in the Cleveland MetroPark on the shaded horse trails.
1 more problem w/ fracking. Along w/ poisoning water, messes local economy. Guests from Tioga say rents unaffordable cuz drillers pay big $$
Great football games today but this Green Bay game is embarrassing for Oakland.
Morrow.. Jen .. sad morning for the #trifector loss for our teams... #Yankees #Rangers #Lakers.... #SMH still unbelievable
GET THAT OUTTA HERE!
I don't wanna grow up I'm a toysRus kid, there's so many things at toysRus that I can play with
Thanks We have been following for some time now...powerful, simple, brilliant, truthful.
ually letting them choose your dating partner"
Primed and ready for maker stations at noon!
Buyer mtg in AM, Listing appt in PM, numbers tell a different story for each today! www.ToddHolmesRealEstate.com
what smell can you not stand? someone is cooking eggs in here and i'm about to boot...
Drinking isn't everything.
Omg headache!! No more going out until a long time too much alcohol
I already had some, but it wasn't cold! Extra stop on way home = small price to pay for good, cold beer.
Good morning!!! :D
Great action on tonights poll (Please RT!): Who will lead the Miami Heat in scoring this season? Bosh, Wade or James?
i hate the world and it hates me back may as well just fade to black let me find some kind of peace let all the pain cease. have a nice life
Not like I should complain but it helps to get it off my chest.
oh hahahah. Oh okay! Good luck haha. I will try to buy VIP next week :) I feel a whole lot better now.
Congrats to my sister Lauren who graduates from today!
.4 I'll Never Cheat On You
How about dunking?? RT cant wait to teach a young girl in Miami how to properly shoot a jump shot.
Sorry, meant Arapahoe-Heritage. Tweets mixing my brain up! Anyone? #copreps RT : Kent Denver played steamboat ...
lol your welcome! GoodNight :P
Wonderful mackerel recipe from Shiro Kashiba up on today. We love how this can so easily find a place at the Hanukkah table!
Looks like FB closed up $0.23. Not a positive showing on a number of counts.
"Don't chase you guests" and accuse them of stealing gallery guides
Mixing down Ghetto Blasting while I wait for to get to his session
Happy first day of spring!
Yay! Lots and lots of great stuff...
I want some cupcakes <U+0001F601>
i found MailingDesk to be my favorite iPad client for g+
#littleknownfact: the Gas Hike Trio actually tours the midwest singing and dancing when not busy purposefully raising gas prices
And , won't you miss me? xoxo
How Did D.C. ’s Stodgy Old Palm Boost Sales? It Got A Makeover
Of everything in the Munro Leaf papers, my favorite is "Ferdinand the Bull: Psychoanalytic Remarks about a Modern Totem Animal."
If people like u r care to no wht u r talkin bout they will follow! No need to pay !Keep it real!!
I hope there's a preference in hootsuite to turn off animated avatars
Then what are you doing leaving town!?
Seriously doe, I have some pretty cute girls that follow me ^__^
What do you get when you cross an idiot with a watch? A cuckoo clock.
hey hey ...how are you :)
WHAT ABOUT ME???? Losers....except mom lol
Omg it was AMAZING. I wish I could have been here to fangirl about it with everyone else.
"Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests." ~George Adams
Want 25% off your lunch tab? Just ask for it Offer available - Wednesday, Thursday, Friday 11:30am-4pm
Lies turn to truth as you start growing who u call family changes ask khloe
wish you had been part of the party. You'd've loved it. A memorable occasion.
My Aunt said, "The problem with Skype is that you have to look good all the time!"
#WTF? [Tickling was outlawed in some ancient middle eastern countries because it was thought to be an aphrodisiac.]
Not true. We're ALL dancing to the tune that we hear emanating from the pages of 100 year old
Idgaf. I don't want it anywayss
that's all she wrote
#scholarlycomm #erl12 I will try to tweet this for as long as possible, but my battery is dying...
sorry if that bothered you.
okay I'll text you lol
Ready for Day 2 in Prague. 3 hour walking tour starts a jam packed day militantly organized by
aww ... memories. I miss The Lodge. And you!
If not I want pics lol
Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my job Hate my
good and you
Another beautiful day in the neighborhood
Small group at my house in 15 min and I'm not even there to clean it up:(
S/o to for that bomb ass hug after 7th hour :)
#LTBroadcasts "It appears that the Chinese Nationalist Government is starting to make headway against the communists" (4/28/31)
Getting my huuuuur did.
Got a phone call from , butt dial
Good morning everyone, have a blessed day :)
lol at me....the on;y one not watching the ustream
55 degrees? Come on Pittsburgh! Bring on the sun!!!
A couple of #newplay TV technical glitches. But we are up now!
Yes, I have 10 Fantasy Football Teams, but I made the Playoffs with 7 of them so that makes it alright?
found a private love letter inside a book in goodwill. apparently roger wrote a letter but never expressed his love to ditta. poor guy.
it better be
Got a Goliath-sized problem? How do you respond: "He's too big to hit" or "He's to big to miss"? via
Learn how to grow your own vegetables in tight spaces at the Centre Branch on May 15th at 5:30 p.m. Pre-register online or call 251-3700.
Examine the situation before you act impulsively!
SIT DOWN IN YOUR SEATS AND BE FANS! TAKE THE PAIN!
about the same just in a different city. No real cheesesteak sandwiches here so I'm jealous of that!
now I present me and Shea's whole friendship timeline in about 3 tweets
Greetings. If you ever need an opener for any show we would love to be apart of the Republic. www.Startisan.com
N4S Motorsports Contest: Check out our Facebook page for more info.
emphasizes her commitment to grassroots politics and the power of the people to build movements.
Even though the basketball games aren't for several more hours, you should just leave work right now. Don't even tell your boss.
I guess it was a night for some dreaming. Was it a full moon last night? Haha!
My twitter feed makes me hungry.
change your number?
Happy Saturday
Chocolate swirl #Juniors #Cheesecake AMAZING!!!
Hold my hand
That's why people won't say anything, always trying to fit in... The world is not a BOX. Trying to be Politically Correct and Still Wrong!
The #1 thing I expected when MH came here was an Offense. I've been very disappointed. Am I getting one this year?
Santorum cannot beat Barack Obama. Period.
LOL good luck with that
War of the roses on Boy was that juicy! #scumbag #cheater <U+0001F621>
Psh, you were NEVER being nice.
i really like what is gonna wear tomorro:))
Long day, finally home :)
u too sweetie!
After struggling for two years with Pages, today I finally broke down and downloaded Microsoft Word.
Girl you need help. Save yourself.
My day consists of watching the incredibles in french, sitting around in art and then sleeping in yoga.
At a listening session to learn more about the new UW System University Personnel System. Simplicity, Consistency & Coherence.
RT @ lucida_console You can't change a system by changing the components.~ a system can have perfect components & yet B flawed
RT #NYR just announced signing of Ruslan Fedotenko, who was in camp on tryout and led team with 7 pre-season points
hey .. if we haven't slept yet.. is it still technically ?
So put the best jockey on a mediocre horse and that's a good bet?
also manufactures Ultrasound Therapeutic Lotion & an Ultrasound Gel with Aloe. Stop by booth 727 for samples.
that's what I did. Sold about 40 shirts and obviously more you order, cheaper discount is. Just time consuming w/ shipping
my fault!!!! i meant 9pm!!! but i gotta reschedule anyway
What Bats game you watch? RT : 3 W day!!
No he doesn't. Hard to be bullied if your the bully.
english teacher decided to ruin our weekend
Wow. That was quick. And awesome.
hahaha that guy is great!!!
“If you ever have to support a flagging conversation, introduce the topic of eating” ~ Leigh Hunt
Ugly first half. Bulls up 35-26 at HALFTiME.
I'm stoked - I'm about to open the largest personal training facility in the northwest in about a months - so it'd be great
Heck yeah, we'll have a lot of fun together when we can play a show there <U+0001F603>RT : I would love to see you guys
Anyone go to/will be going to #BeautyandtheBeast at the yet? We've seen a lot of you come through Moe's the past few days.
don't get them in trouble they are a nationally dry house! haha
talk about nyan cat :P
Yeah. Heavy stress and elongation of that first syllable
- Funny setup in the pool. You'rre tied for 1st. If IND wins, you are 1v1 on MNF. If PIT wins, you play 8 other people for win.
Why is #fattuesday a trend and not #mardigras??
Dark chocolate, but not white, can improve cholesterol and blood sugar, experts find.
found out that cost of parking at will cost around $230 in Jan. compared to which was $15. Anyone know an alternative?
Join us for Summit IV November 10-11! Learn and network with some of the coolest, smartest women. #wssrisky in
The US Attorney in Louisiana has just been informed that the Saints GM could listen to opposing teams in their lockeroom from 2002-04.
Get it in! Happy working. :-)
Here it is again.... Inspirational Thursday! :)
if killing wasn't illegal i think half of the people in my school would be dead.
i know thats shit now, wish when you are going to stop toking about that fucker
Love my outfit today for some reason.
We will be going in spring, daughter in UK due her 2nd in march.
What is the best strategy you use to get a client to refer you another? Now, "plus it" by turning that strategy into a duplicatable system.
A little cracked ;) RT : It's Nat'l Egg Month. Here's to these good eggs:
art is able to express individuality in a way nothing else can. It also helps provide beautiful, tangible history and insight.
Happy Hanukkah to our fans & followers!
at Buffalo wild wings w and is playn "outta control"
#BWEChat tomorrow night at 9 EST. Our guest is and he's going to talk about why Pinterest isn't just for women
cold and snowy here in #Rochester! make it a great day!
If She Fuck Me Right Then She Shopping
#ICanHonestlySay I'm not single. I'm simply in a long - standing relationship with fun and freedom! :D
Catching up on watching some webcasts on a rainy day
you sure are getting the early birthday wishes.. Think I'll wait till your actual birthday :)
Making plans to celebrate Veterans' Day, 11.11.11 - how about you?
good morning :)
Heavy rain is over across the #NYC tri-state. Leftover sprinkles & showers next few days. Breezy & cool with temps in the 50s.
Starting a new job today. Some egos will be crushed. Love it.
Another thing that makes me miss municipal watching the perfect game...once upon a time the #Indians sold coke...not nasty pepsi
This weekend i found out who my REAL friends are
I waa having a nice day untill you showed up.
congrats on winning the race you kicked butt.
,stay Blessed<3
Sports: Seahawks score a touchdown. Weather: Hell has frozen over.
thx for the kind words. Have a great weekend!
you're my 1st #WhiteSox twitter friend in the UK! Woohoo! How did u start following the team & when?
Macadelic is a pretty good mixtape.
ever drank baileys from a shoe? Hahah
do any of those people that are interested in the job wear a sweater vest
u wrong cuz
#RimaIsDope RT : Another cloudy day in LA :(
smart man, no? what's the real point of a #prediction when anything in the world can happen and intelligent people know this?
pretty lights, mord fustang, glitch mob and big gigantic are musts in the rotation if you like David Guetta!
orlando magic
The patio is open! Come on down!
lol. Two people saw that. I need to start watching what I say on there. :-)
Hey Stinky followers, Today is National Tell a Story Day. What is your favorite story?? How about your favorite Stinky Story :)
Set-up stage for new client's social media is done. Just waiting for her business logo and post to complete the process.
Thanks for making me want to bang my head up against a wall, Shutter Island. What. The. Heck.
come on guys, quit arguing, both always make it to the dance. Let's hope the Beavs make it soon.
I love it, don't worry you can trust me... Really? Then why is your hand creeping down my back. Yea, no goodbye!
Just copped a Fifth of #BLUEDOTCÎROC for my cousins. We bout to Celebrate
Keep it trilla.
What does one have to do to get the "secret textoso line" number?
The seeds of successful businesses are problems crying to be fixed or desires craving fulfillment.
“: Michigan became a state 175 years ago today. Happy Birthday Michiganders everywhere!” yay !
No prob. I used some of the National Marriage Project data in class before cautioned me about their methods.
up late are we???
What is with the fireworks on the beach every single Thursday night? The bulldog is NOT amused.
Day Two of Rehab Facility Journal « Pinnacle Writing
Goodbye Wisteria Lane! Proud to have been a cast member and a fan.
Actually Reading a book #SteveHarvey #
Even the man in the moon disapears
Glendale scores to go up 9-16
ha. Well I do talk ... Crap
Such a joy meeting & Lauren Miller @ LAX! Held back the urge to power-cuddle their adorable dog, too! I'm calling that a success.
thanks Jamie. Still have to seal the deal on one of them though haha.
Cris Carter and Bill Romanowski: Definitely on the NFL's Not Top Ten list today.
ahh I wish! Miss you.
6am lifting with Coac Durk. Lets see who was all talk.
TONIGHT: We're at the entrance to Buc Days w/your coupons to Hurricane Alley Water Park be sure to find us!
A laugh! And yet, I fear you must wait till circumstances arise that will sanction a closer intimacy.
Why did i have to go for the biggest hoe in GA? -_-
If It Didn't Come With Money or Fame Who Would Still Make Music?
its just boiling and uncomfortable. WHERE IS AUTUM?
I thought you would appreciate that Sonic headquarters is right around the corner from our hotel.
I know we all want essentially the same things. A clean state with opportunities for our kids.
Nasty Girl lol
Tv is not even interesting anymore, too much reality, no actuality.
make sure you're following are consolidating accounts. namaste!
lol I cant freaky
Bamboozle Roadshow in a few. Kind of excited!!
I just wanna get out this house.
yeah cause I'm just a naturally nice person unlike you.
Managers got me fucked!
I think a product should be able to sell itself.. but one can't lose focus of brand -
Thanks so much. We appreciate your support! :D
Met some good people. Learned some good info. Lot to think about
alright then good <U+0001F60F>
looking forward to draft.
did you not read the first part? The ocean is why! Now if I can convince to come so I don't have to go alone!
Our friends are celebrating their 10th anniversary today. To everyone in Cape Town, cheers!
Only way to end it is calling cust service--not open on weekends?! Many similar CVS complaints online.
Inspire always. RT #JustForToday I Believe in someone else
Loving Kandy new hair cut
: Wed, Broadripple (the one downtown is useless)=>mix 50 cent beaver beer night with open mic karaoke and you should be all set.
RT : The serenity of the mind is a mind focused on the present moment...
i repeated this like a million times .Im sure lakers would have lost by like 50 points if Kobe wasnt around huh?
2) Never be examined or authorized with other patients in a group setting. Your consultation and exam should be private and alone.
Let the National Library Week celebrations commence at #UDC !
We aren't sure of the age, but we got it from 's mother. All we had to do was pay to have it refurbished.
Put a smile on!
The weekend doesn't start until Subday, right?
Wow, so many employees have joined Twitter! Following you all now, #follow along.
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe When people compare me to Arthur Mervyn.
A correction to a recent update: TALISMAN YOU'RE friends you want to be part of Untoward's twitter army.
Friends in low places.
Stupid question, but whats a "TWITCON"?
thank you! Built it on weebly, lots of tweaking along the way
It's definitely a BLAST! Tons of great people and a great after party as well!
we love ya too beybii :)
Provided 2hrs computer/technology instruction to 37 people in the last 2 days. Always hard when some seem to enjoy and others don't.
Thanks for the RT!
not to leave any one in wonder, Maya Angelou was...a wonderful speaker!
i'm an expert!gonna shake up UT,for sure. #whoinvitedthehick?
2morrow the place 2 be is Broadway Bar. No Cover. Great Drink Special. Dj Mystik video mixing. Peter Blue hosting the party. Dont miss out!
you probably now this but anything Galloway is usually great. how about 'To the Edge' by kirk johnson
I feel like I'm going to be sick...
Trivia set for everyday of the week
Owners of family-owned companies should consider succession a dynamic, continual process instead of an event that happens once a generation.
rock on! Thanks!
aaaaahate snakes! I would not be able to handle that thing.
I like Reynolds
to late i already laughed. Just buy some more
If you celebrate Easter, have a good one.
It feels good wakin up to money in tha bank.
It was an honour meeting u and ur fiancee :) last year in Demember in #AtlanticCity ur Friends from #Canada Cory & Kristi :)
M sweet potato pie. :)
great job on the ads!! Love the Rosanne Cash song. Great way to welcome visitors!
ós Listening to #SigurRós today and LOVING IT!
Collaborating with Terwilliger Plaza---new exhibition on-site coming soon! Dell Nelson exquisite charcoal masterpieces. 84 yrs. old master.
If I win tonight I am still going to stay at my job..................Yeah Right!
I would like to learn Spanish since half of my family is spanish-speaking.
what's good kizzle?
No kidding ": I know you may want to blame Obama for the secret service thing, but really... there's better things to focus on."
EVERYONE Follow my buddy
I am sorry I made a mistake on the invitation I sent earlier. It said Saturday September 25th, it is actually Sunday September 25th.
WE would like to take a moment to recognize the horrible situation Japan is facing. Our thoughts and prayers go out to all who are affected
what is the record for Austin?
I'm playing tonight w/my band at with The Purrs, Daniel G Harmann & the Trouble Starts, Speedwobbles. Come on by!
I hate when my stomach hurts like this
@ mooney-big red game with rich exner and
Denver office is happy today: Peyton Manning heads to the Broncos. Adds some heat onto the standing Chargers vs. Broncos annual bet.
Thanks to those who bought tickets to the ADDYs. It'll be a big crowd. Glad the ADDY committee added more bars this year.
I'm so proud of you! I told you loves you so much! ;) I felt too :)
Is your office putting up a Christmas tree?
hey jess how u been i miss u
The past. It'll always come back to bite you.
The comcast you get in your room wit that jank ass remote<<<<<<<<<<<
Thx for the follows
anybody wanna talk to me??? :)
has a rough workout ahead tonight... definitely taking it easy until then.
unless the sinus meds make you so high that just sitting there is totally OK
No! Please No!!
Happy Mothers Day to all mommies. without you, none of us would be here. <U+2665>
<U+E50C>Thanks to all the athletes! 37 Medals! Awesome job<U+E50C>
I hear you have this thing called espnplayer? I guess u can get NHL center ice on it??
please follow . That's all I'm asking. Just press the follow button & maybe stalk her tweets lol. :) <U+E328>
The Bart Walker Band will be on the Hard Rock stage May 9th. Show at 8pm! $5 at the door! See you there!
I emailed you about this...
Have you ever considered space travel? Would you like to someday do that?
in what new direction are you thinking of taking the blog? I'm curious! And, yes, you should dare ... its your blog! :)
Day one of restart went without a hitch. Here is to another successful day! What is on your menu?
I feel like such a girl right now. I'm eating "Ben & Jerry's" out of the carton AND I just had sex with a guy.
": U were named after the receptionist who overbooked the abortion doctor" No wonder you married a hack. You're just as bad
Count your blessings to forget your problems.
Thanks for the mention brother. Have a great weekend!
Can we talk about how the #Fringe intro is the greatest.
yeah I know tell me about it and please come to warped!
haha, you're pretty good, too my man. I might see you over on your side of the country next week. Keep up the hustle!
whatever works for you is fine by me doll
Shout out to for purchasing a sperantsa hat!! Thanks for the support!
I hate awkward turtles, and why is the ninja turtle tryin' to holler at you? Fuck that noise
These new Party Slayerz tracks are fucking rad!!! Demand in your town!!!
So I found a #revs jacket, a #rapids jacket but I have yet to find another jersey at ross. Where are you #ravegreen !?!?
If you haven't seen live yet, you're missing out...
I'm gonna have to disagree! Lmao
Oh yeah I have exams today.. I'll try to make the best of this day.. See y'all later(:
not really :)
“: 4 day bender? Great weather and sports all week. To be 22 again!” party like its 1999!! Legendary year...
Sometimes a concept is baffling not because it is profound but because it is wrong
It is very unfortunate that I am up this early. Screw you College of Business. Screw You. -_-
It's been 3 hours since the #pacers game and I'm still ticked.
Loves for saving my Anatomy grade! <U+0001F601><U+0001F44F>
going to the mall tomor before i go to six flags
I think the worst feeling in the world would be when someone just gives up on you. That would feel so bad. :/
I haven't been able to spend as much time with God this week as I would like ~ I'm so looking forward to a solid 2-3 hours bible study today
A guy I like doesn't like me and I think I love him.
NLC Council on Youth Education Families meets in DC; co-chairs Mayor Dean/Cclmbr Steine discuss 2012 Creative Partnerships theme
Now we are forever friends! Isn't it exciting?
things i like: giant, *peaceful protests/rallies.. sunshine.. mom's day.. and fridays.
I opened the lock found the missing key
Just seen a fucking midget.....0_o
homeboy loved the ladies.
Aw, that's sweet, little bro!!! :-)
Guess who is required to do a piece that captures the essence of skating now.
Yes gorgeous, but I'm a little behind. Ps. You're my muse!
The secret of managing is to keep the guys who hate you away from the guys who are undecided. Casey Stengel
Seen my first snake of the year earlier. Gonna be a long summer.
I enjoy my Hattori Hanzo Shears. Thank you!
Wow, nice rings !!! I think needs one from Dallas, what do you think!!
possible thunderstorm is building, how do i know? the dog is begging that we all hide in the closet with her.
I love my sister man , she the only one that can help me get thru shit like this !
Wait, people still buy stuff made by Dell? Why?
yayayayayya i think i got some info about them!!!!!!!!!!!!!
She gon gimme dat pussy one of deese days...
Dwight Howard is a coward!!! He know he said he wanted Stan Vangundy fired. He just ain't man enough to admit it!!
I RTed it
you should try brandy and honey.
Ah! Where at? I'm so excited for you!
Omg this game... I might actually be enjoying basketball except if the bulls lose, then I'll go back to my ambivalence.
Working with big business can be risky (BP), but helping to change their behavior can be helpful for conservation
only because they're not you
tweet me sumtymzz :)
One of my favourite lines in "Friends" ever and my basis for judgement of all actors: "They said you're not believable as a human being."
I'm so tired
So tired of the "who else are you going to vote for?" from the White House. That's domestic abuse logic.
Thanks girl appreciate the support
what did you send me
Watching the Victoria Secret Fashion Show makes me want to donate to charities that help women battling anorexia.
Lance don't start with me.....
You have enemies? Good! That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. - Winston Churchill
i would like both of you to know i will be in chicago from the 15th - 18th of march. #stationeryreunion please?
Have they come up with a cure for jungle fever?
On the scale of 1 - 10 how bad does Drake wish he was from Houston? My vote is 36
Let me fix that for you, style: spotify:track:41fSiYyZRisC9mR6e43OLb
im so pissed. thanm steve had to tell me off like he always freaking does -__-I am so angry i just want to cry. tech hates me
I'm outside eating watching people run. <U+E402>
Apparently the site is suffering new year's lag. Hope to have this resolved quickly. Sorrys.
Dude I got 4g up here
Morning Glory=disappointing. Harrison Ford whispered & growled thru entire movie. Need good rentals. Suggestions?
My owner thinks I am an innocent sweetheart... Then I got a twitter ;)
Like when they say that Devs r better than the Rangers?RT : I know when people are lying, I read people way too well
lots of talk @ iPads at #ignition2011 -- places 1 billion ads on iPads every month (iPads only)
Most guys now this days aren't gentleman which is sad.
Didn't they used to perform the nominations for Best Original Song?
okay good.
The #Yankees need a big win today in order to tie the series and to gain momentum before the upcoming series against 1st place
Lots of excitement happening here at #ShineYourDivine as we get ready to announce the speakers for the #Denver #Enlightenment event!
#MUTHAFUKKA Prob a dumb quest...what's is YankeeYards?
/ looming author like Shkspr. What's the downside of not having such a suturing point for community?
I love my advisor.
You should show us tomorrow!
Never under estimate a woman's ability to find things out.
I spent my fourth like most returing millitary vets. on the floor ducking for cover. Why must we blow things up to celebrate independance?
Found a scarf at in the exact shades of my shocking pink/salmon/taupe tee.
wasn't in the mood for some Melvyn this morning
I've never done presale before! I'm nervous!
Thanks for helping promote our project! Hope your students love it :)
could use the help instead.
Brown bear is my all-time fave! I have the old 1 with the brown silk pattern lining and its my go-to! This is a great price!
LMFAO I couldn't help it and the funny thing is that she loves me lol
yup!! Recycled his character
Stoudemire is ASS <U+0001F602>
DJ BANDIT 7 p.m. to Midnight. You will get a wide range of reggae tunes. log on to E2onair NY #1 - A REGGAE STATION MAKING A DIFFERENCE.
friendly reminder #docc in an hour
Tnx for the mentions follows and RTs!
Say "Hi" to our new followers!
Work/Life balance is a fantasy. How about work/life integration?
Tally I might be on my way back...
They wept. But it was a joyous occasion.
felt led to pray for you today, praying.
Come get pierced by our guest piercer Ricky!
I would not have it any other way!!!!
Checking out the daystage on level 4 at #sxswi. Nothing going on yet. Think it's supposed to be something about customer experience next
haha awww ur cute!! I might start doing this
was it the one on St. Paul? cuz i saw that one!!
Jamison has also worked with local crews on her shoot locations, which she finds makes the film even more about the people in the country
Today was very interesting aye.
Hey the amazing joey commercial skip...love it
As always, good to see you (and ball w/ you) this morning
Decisions. Decisions. I need a life coach.
The most disappointing moment of the night: in a group of 11 college kids, nobody knew who Schroeder was.
unsafe for visiting fans in bloomington. Was a vile as it had ever been. No sense in risking injury to fans/players
Thank you, we will check it out!
bro text me real quick!!!!
By the way, we started writing a new song :] Full-length here we come!
COLTON MARRY ME
If #mwteamtennis workshop attendees have questions to ask about #USTAJTT or #mwteamtennis, send us a tweet and we will answer
Good luck Arlington Fight Team Fighters fighting this weekend
nice to meet u too u got a facebook
Sad reality. My video camera gets more compliments than i do hahaha
I love you but your too damn far.. :/
You're the best little bro a sister can have! I LOVE U!
Tonight is jam packed with performances, art making, & Blink! Entire complex open til 10.
thanks Ed - I really dig visiting NYC, but I'm more and more excited about living in ATL, and now I bought a house so I have to ;)
team LA lets go
think u had about as many drinks as I did tonight..haha
I hate people who use chainsaws next door when I'm trying to frickin' sleep..
Sleeves pushed up and all.
et al Thanks for the 'fractional scholarship' tweets!
that bird was ballsy!
Launching a new website with my son: ck out reptaquatics.com. Comments? And, "No, it's not finished yet".
when are we gonna get Steve Javie on courtside and get the real story??
I think this is george zimmmermens cell number call and give him a peace of ya mind...u didnt get it.from me :-) lol
At community clinics like Country Doctor, sick low-income individuals can get the care they need. - Rik Wyman
Man, I still haven't been to Keenland. Apparently I'm missing out. I'll get there one day before I'm 40. Maybe.
You showed me........ #love like none other
I would consider myself fairly lucky if such an occasion were to occur.
The difference between fiction and reality is that fiction has to make sense. Tom Clancy
And I missed it when seeing no Boskovic, but Pontius on the bench?!
RT Chien-Ming Wang plans to make his next rehab start Thursday at Harrisburg.
i'd like to tell u how great ur austream was but i cant since i missed it :( dont worry i'll make sure to watch it nxt time :)
it's weird because my mom says those kind of things to me, but she thinks they're adorable. like, wuut.
Hopefully Bollers next int is a touchback.
Fun times lol!
Tom brady is hott. Loll
Man my family is depressing.
When are you taking your exam, ?
I start on Monday the 21st:) That's good, sound fun:) Are you going to continue working on the weekends or go full time 4 summer
Costume Contest today until 4 PM. We're giving out $100 gift card to the top costume and candy to all!
sometimes it's the only choice
Because we are waiting for Joe Crede to come out of the dugout....I wonder if Ventura will just take over 3rd?
Looking for a job? 75 employers will be waiting to talk to job seekers at the Old Floriland Mall in Tampa, 9215 N. Florida Av.10am-2pm Sat.
: WHAT. This is awesome!
don't go down that path. You'll never live it down
lololol RT : hahaha I've been called the songbird of my generation
Boom. Shalacka. Boom. Boom.
Got to be careful who I send a text to right now
twitter b moving too fast fa me lol
What's this!? My first #tweers from you and I get a broken site. You do need to upgrade that phone.
#locksmith I primarily work with high security cylinders, MK system design, developing key control policies, access control (stand-alone)
RT : The remainder of Mad Men will be peppered with tropcalia rarities. #SONY/ATV
I need to go to sleep
loving the Rome commercials on CBS today! Can't wait till April 3rd!
Coming to the end of Day 5 of #sony Service Watch. Learned today #sony's norm for a call from servicer is 7 days? Very Unacceptable...
Keep myself so lifted.
The problem with getting the girl of your dreams is that one day you'll have to wake up.
it's like "I'm 60 and I want to go to every major tourist spectacle and every chain restaurant that I could go to at home"
omg r u guys still messing with that pandamel minus the 74? i think i blocked her
I hate when I have to leave him :/
itch itch papyrus is sitting on a booster chair right now
On the Mother Ship Baby Bubba! hahahah
Tabor I will conquer you today! Well at least the stairs.
Getting a late start to tweeting, but I'm here! First time ever I didn't get lost driving in Baltimore.
Safe travels to the US of A ! The dairyland (and Georgie) awaits you!
Sometimes I feel like the only person who dislikes A Song of Ice and Fire and American Gods.
iAint gonna deny it iBe on some fly shit...
At the 45th Annual Award Celebration for the Community Action Organization, one of the few remaining anti-poverty program orgs of the 60's.
Hi i an new to twitter i wud like som one to tok to.
Hurray! Two talks accepted at #thatConference! "Erlang, CQRS and .NET (Architectural S'mores)" and "Erlang Goes to Camp!"
=( RT : you're fired for an imbellished resume
watching Dylan Leblanc at Yazoo...pretty solid
or maybe we ARE the troublemakers!
For tickets? Sorry, don't understand that. My Jenkins jobs refresh SVN, restart servers, and initiate MXUnit tests
bahah, there's a FB group for that. "If a tornado ever rolls through at noon on a wednesday, we're all screwed."
Bout to slide to my Homeboi house an get some drinks
If I had xtra day here, that's EXACTLY what I'd do. Not go back to the beaches or lakes, or take ferry to Victoria
We will be at 's Farmers Market tonight. Stop by for your Memorial Day weekend wardrobe!
Do anybody know what is the age for chrome tonight
Hi AMB - thanks for following Better WIne Guide, now following you too. My wife's going to live on your great website!
I love it for the Grizzlies because it's shorter and cheaper. Indy may have done it if they lost to Orlando and needed a shakeup.
Faith activates God - Fear activates the Enemy. Joel Osteen
For the guy that looking at his watch. the time is now
Mayor Adams, Many thanks for the follow on Twitter.
:) What a fun show!
u meanking james who eyem biast with and thinks is the greatest basketball player to live ever.
Thanks, guys. Appreciate your support. Hopefully we can get you up here for the next one.
RT People always wonder why I'm happy all the time. UM do you want me to be sad or? I don't know dawg.
Have u ever wondered if mabye the grass is greener on the other side
tjx Donna. Guess what tho, I am actually 25 away from 1000 because I read the # wrong and I am a dumbass LOLL :)
That's a great joke!!!
the coolest site around: www.lombardistreet.com
If austin is happy, I'm Happy.
Thanks 4 stopping by! #cheese “: Hangin w booth. I need more cheese in my life! Baked Parm crispiness!
I still prefer to give him to Ethan, lol.
Wish I could Follow twice!!
well u subscribe to my phone n u barely TWEET
He hasn't gone 8 innings in a game as a Brewer yet; this could be the day
The way I loved you
your REALLY cute... just saying :)
Life may bring us down but never to the fullest cause as soon as I recover I'm back at it like nothing never effected me.
Lol at John as he's being a pleb .that makes me feel better
Girls Day
Vacay to Scotland in August! Any suggestions?
you may have to wait a long long time
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life. William Ellery Channing
Went to a highschool hockey championship game that was 3 1/2 hrs long! Six 14 minute periods and a loss, is tough!
5 inches of snow! Glad to be back in NH
Gig alert: We're headlining at Tiffany's Lounge in St Paul on Saturday @ 10PM. Should be a great night - fake blood included!!!
Donald Driver's got moves like Jagger! #Packers represent
Iran Promotes Its Candidate for Next Shiite Leader Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi would extend Iran x2019;s influence over the Iraqi
love the picture!
I fucked Thomas Miceli becuss i love him um...
You can access the paid-up equity you accumulate in your home in the form of a home equity loan or a home equity line of credit.
shout out to the homie. thank you for fighting for our freedoms. Get home safe so we can wreck shop in colorado.
can't wait for your show tonight. Can't believe it's been 20. Yikes.
I just wanted to talk to you
Still looking out for Owner/Operators to run under our Quick Fleet authority...
register yourself or team today for the JPA 5k Run/Walk and help heal the scars of abuse and neglect! www.juvenile.org
Yes! playing #Thriller!
Sharks are born swimming
Thanks for the tip. We ordered wine. :)
yeah i got to carried away HAHA HateLies<3Trust
2morrow is Mothers Day , so go buy your mother something nice!haha
Sometimes you have a client...and they should rent.
The Senate Health Committee will hold a hearing on the bill to life the Family Care cap this morning at 11 a.m. in 201 SE.
": #campuslife Full day on campus: Carnival #judicialboard talent show!" Thanks for always beng committed.
Happy birthday, Jason! (and happy pesach)
I follow back like a boss
you obviously haven't seen all our ads. keep looking!
It's always nice to have someone in your life that makes you smile even when they're not around.
99 Cent ground beef & chicken fajita tacos from 6-close all this week
Thanks for being a part of our advanced screening!
God, God, God, #please!
The greatest virtues are those which are most useful to other persons.
I saw Mrs Smith today hahahaha freshman science was so fun lolol (':
Sounds like a fabulous surprise anniversary trip. Enjoy!
I'm listening to two old ex gangbangers talk about the good ole days... +_+
Just The Wrong Settin'
I'm guessing neither one of us has hair that responds appropriately to curling or flat irons? Is the bun under appreciated?
Lol it needs to go down! RT : do I sense an Ambrose evacuation coming?
I remember we'd all pile into the car - I forget what kind it was - and drive and drive
Wonderful night with friends chatting over life at a new wine bar. Life is good.
I have no idea...I got home at 3:30am
yeah it was half assed. hes such a snake
weelp, it'd be a good idea to weear clothes XD
Good no call by the ref
Goodnight yo? Really? Did I really just get goodnight yo?
Books & Thugs! And BYOB
what did you get?
Why would you even say that?
Thanks for following us! We're looking forward to the launch of your website!
its not lettingg me download it :(
I left my job 3 weeks before my daughter was born (19 mos ago) to start my own firm. Does that count?
are they really? But it was so good why would they chang it?
Enjoy ur day... do sumthin memorable, we only get these every 4 years
dude thanks so much...I'll be by soon to say hello.
I know like they already came to our house. My mom is just hard headed
Our Design Prices have changed for 2012................ Request the new price list 2day
I am cooking your fave - seafood cioppino - want to come over for dinner and wine? I need a date :)
Let them guns blam bitch you know I am , letter guns blam this a 44. Bulldog it does not jam
whats your favorite song? :)
took :40s off my pace today! Still nothing compared to how fast the front is getting to Brady tonight!
Well hello here im there . Bahahaha. Lol.
hoping I dont have to go anywhere for dinner later bc I look like crap.. pajamas swag! Haha(:
and just like that one goal made all the difference. it's shitty they scored right when man u had thought they won
Decided to go to screenwriting group tonight. The Big Move has kept me home packing last few meetings. Not tonight!
It's sad how much power certain human beings have over others. Especially appearance wise.
Definitely not an expert. But, what kind of beer do you prefer?
Back to bed for reading and snuggling with kitty while it rains!
get em lebron...finish this game!
Smith &amp; Wesson: The original point and click interface
Plz remember to keep your dog indoors today. It is way too hot for dogs outside. And give dem treats. And toys... and nom noms...
Happy Halloween!
went to the batting cages this morning...with suellen; that was an interesting experience...
RT : Failing fast is part of learning fast. If you knew how to do it already, you wouldn't be where you are.
Nice to meet you after an awesome show at Lupo's. Oh, and remember, there is never a bad time for a burger!
there's going ot be one photo from me (emily) and one from my co-owner issy
careful. It's like the joke about being the smartest man in the room: You're in the wrong "room."
up early time to work on this song im gonna send to make it on this Based AllStars
Every business needs effective advertising to succeed! be known, do your best, stay in the right and the rest will come naturally <3
Haha Richard Pryor is a true role model
The #Heat are VERY good at falling down on their own.
It's my best physical attribute.
What a glorious day!God be praised!If ur struggling today,praise God even if you don't feel like it.You'll feel better+JC is always worth it
flying to Spain Murcia for the kick-off of one of the most important EU projects on IPv6: Intelen applies IoT and IPv6 on
Man they making every excuse for the sorry ass heat
Does Hulk smash? RT : Are you ready for the Avengers movie Kasper?
I HAVE contacted support and I'm not getting any answers. I need to know what's going on with my money NOW please
My CD "Coyote Blues" is available at Electric Fetus. It is in the "Roots New Release" section. It is also available at Hymie's Records!!!
I should be at home snoring
Congrats on the pilot pick-up! It will be great to see u both on tv again.
ah, love you<3
Oh man nerves
what ever happen to Tila Tequila?
When I listening this song.....
hahah i can't even get a million. my life is such a struggle
Tonight: Moon Taxi, The Shack Band and Pigeons Playing Ping Pong! Doors @ 8:30 Tickets $12.00 at the door!
You give to get
football lockout could be over today. details on Good day ny.
Happy Valentines!!!
I should have more followers then four./: give me shoutouts!
wht you doing tomorrow night? im at home too i got in and i just got in bed and im still here.
I enjoy cooking a fantastic dinner and drinking homemade beers. This is one of those reasons why I picked up running.
I'M SUCH A DESPERATE LOSER LMFAO. I'm dying at my own words
Tonight's gonna be big though cause the #Wranglers open w/ Game 1 of the Kelly Cup Finals tonight against the Florida
we are still looking into making San Jose in June. We'll know by this week.
I pee in the middle urinal so someone is forced to stand next to me.
I loved your vlog... I watched all the way to the end lol. :)
Always believe
you know it!!! Go
Glad we got to spend a little time w/ Jeff, Celisa, and the fam in Carrboro. Next stop, Folly Beach, SC!
Use vanilla extract to sooth cooking burns &to keep from blistering. Just dab on the burn, reapply if necessary.
You thought there was only one Todd? We're multifaceted personalities—I don't even happen to be into feet, I'm mad for elbows.
I would love to!
I'm thinking it's a good day for our BBQ Chicken Pizza.
Tip to Live By: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Miami!
Ugh. I wish I was reading books this weekend instead of writing papers.
Added my work from DBC. Check it: cargocollective.com/afiore
I did Iyengar Yoga (for dancers) in college! Great, but hard!
Older man.....60ish......window down.....smoking.....blasting "Hopelessly Devoted."
Blackhawks general manager Stan Bowman has already pulled off one deal this month
#WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community
Proud to be a college student.
<U+2661> Happy Mother's Day to you too :-) hope it's a good day for you. Tell your mom I said it too! <U+2661>
Taking an hour for blonde to show!!! #DarkHairProblems <U+0001F481>
#TKAM is a favorite. Grew up in Monroeville, Alabama, hearing stories a/b Harper Lee and the filming of the movie in town. Enjoy!
because I hate you-_- and we are getting foreclosed because I hate you
Bummed I'm missing the 1st annual hack-a-thon.
loving the Rome commercials on CBS today! Can't wait till April 3rd!
Air drummers better get their chops up. April 5 Gerkin, DVIVD, Kilpatrick triumvirate gonna blow out yr tendons.
civil war crush
Had a dream about #oomf. It wasn't like the one she had about me though. Smh
Lobsta Truck, Frysmith, and Cool Haus are here. I'm more excited about this than anything else.
Made another account today. Go follow it plzzzz. >>>> ;)
Yea I like the suave type - spikey mikey lol
Sweeney Todd. Forever
just work these 3 jobs
how are you?
you can call me Fonz!
O_O RT : The Thunder are killing the Lakers by so much, James Harden's beard has 20 points.
we once had to drop something off for your father!
Whats A Fuck Boy Too A Trap Nigga , You Moving Ounces Im Moving By The Pounds Nigga !!
Yes, am seeing it tonight. They do a mighty nice opening reception too.
Lyon adds that J.L. Austin is more "playful" and "funny" in Philosophical Papers. But HTDTWW lectures are slimmer, easier to understand.
“You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jellybeans.” -Ronald Reagan
Is Angry Birds educational for children because it teaches physics?
Invented the Design Lab - places where you can do arts and sciences together
Bitches Will Hate. Why Dont You Go Hand Out Condoms Or Something.
It's been almost 2 years I havnt slept through the night-__-
We should do that again sometime or better yet- go see an actual show.
All lies!
He's just training his audience.
I don't get it. Am I supposed to use the entire tube of Super Glue in one go? It's always going to seal itself shut and become unusable?
One of our new tracks has a 'Vroom' scream.
it's been a long time Fran :) how have you been? how goes it for you???
Wow. 's hour-long retraction is incredible. Mike Daisey's pauses are excruciatingly long when Ira asks him why he lied.
like when the easter bunny hides your basket from you?
We've had our shares of ups and downs but imma still be around ...
Exactly....its not the Hall of Good...There isn't a need to induct someone every year because its "neat"
theGriot almost didn't make cut. It was included b/c they were being use on network news to reach a wider audience
“ You make all things new & I will follow you Forward:)” yes
That's an instance in which anger can be a virtue, when it's in response to injustice.
The mere passing through an academy or college, is not education. (1850)
Today's specials are: Lack of sleep, woke up early, and low on patience.
lol I know.
Just for comparison: KenPom had USC at 53 last year and has UW at 66 this year.
Thank YOU mister!
Headed to play at that's cool with beth beighy, connor rand, clay evans and more....come on out!
¤ The only place where success comes before work is a dictionary. Vidal Sassoon
I like Nebraska buy 1 point , Ohio St. buy 1 -7 , Michigan to win buy 2 points take +3
Need to pick out a casting couch to go with my new SAG-AFTRA producer status.
Same Day Hot Foil Business Card Printing available at NYC Printing 123!!! Think out of the box. Affordable yet High quality printing...
Waking up after the 1st screening of Where the Yellowstone Goes. Feels good to get this "baby" out there. Great start!
I hope the Grammys are banning all the drug infested rock groups also. Or how about the gang bangers?
Chocolate Strawberries Recipes If roses are the quintessential Valentine's Day gift for lovers, chocolate strawberries are the quintessen
Party at Trashwater! Next 10 people to mention Baby Robot get free admission! Free beer, free food, and a pool! 635 Dekalb!
Ending the weekend right with a church service and mommas Sunday dinner.. If ever gets out the shower ha she takes forever!!!!
If Um in your starting 5 you will neva need a Sub
you got my vote Burger Bracket
We can make our plans, but the Lord determines our steps."~Proverbs 16:9
- Ryan, Ryan, Ryan - MY HEART tells me not to give up. How can I deny it?
I suck all the salt off the peanut shell and usually don't eat the peanut.
I'm gonna be an asshat and blow up 's notifications, being the annoyingly wonderful sister I am(:
I just sneezed so hard I'm afraid is gonna think I'm throwing down.
hahaha, whatever works!
Happy April Everyone! I got a feeling it's gonna be a good month!!!
can I do "and this is crazy"?
miss you too!!! <3
That last tweet broke my heart in two...
#twitterupdate: I just #procrastinated by #synthesizing (<--pun) an awesome new background for
staying up just to watch on Jay Leno. He winked at me at the club last month, I gotta do it.
Your friend wanted me too, that's why he can't stand me (;
How to pick the perfect Mascara: 1. Decide what you're going for-extra curl to more volume?
Why is it so fucking hot ?
Unless you're going to Harvard, it's not worth that much. Go to a state school.
it is! And 100% vegetarian. Get in here ! ;)
Writer's tip: Your work space should be just as comfortable as your sleep space. There no need to suffer for your art unnecessarily.
Lol! Same here! One reason out of many why I wouldn't recommend going anywhere near downtown this weekend and Monday.
looking good u got what it takes
oh! Awk it was Dave ramping off in the wheelchair!
ACORN.-THE REST OF THE STORY. Fans of Breitbart will not be happy . watch video deposition now part of a 10news report at 5pm EXCLUSIVE
Found myself sucked in to watching Alien Encounters on Science Channel last night. Quite entertaining & thought provoking stuff, actually.
very happy about Peyton
bonus. :D
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time. - Julie Andrews
Say goodbye to Jersey, and hello to Brooklyn
get to create some live background vocal charts today... Folgers, do thy work!
Back to 505 area
Josh Hamilton's lone goal this season is to be healthy for the Texas Rangers Texas Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton only has one g
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. ~ Dalai Lama
They scored the 2nd most runs in BB but they also had an outfielder pitching the other night. smh
Guys that walk around thinking every girl wants them, make me wanna hurl.
Any friends out there work as a web developer/programmer that would be willing to design a website? There is pay involved! :)
“: , & & Michael Capponi Thank you all for your dedication to
Oh man do I know what you mean! RT "Never understood why companies burned through talent..."
Congrats!! My whole praxis was on speech science...still not sure how I passed!!
haha. No thanks
I heard there is are scholarship opportunities for Greenbuild 2013. Where can I find more info?
Another FUN morning of PT awaits for me tomorrow. Paying constant copays when you're unemployed kinda drains your bank account :/ boo!
I dunno, leave me alone.
I'd never heard of unschooling before! But I definitely think I'd need structure. Lazy isn't just a clever name. :)
Who in the fuck can this homeless guy be texting? I'm obviously in the wrong fucking business.
Holy heart attack! Now we got home field advantage!
SMSC Strengthens Consumer Electronics Connectivity Leadership with Digital Broadcasting Radio Relationship
so is charlie sheen done fixing your window?
Think of the why you should! Not why you couldn't do it!
Just agreed to stay up until sunrise.
lolololol wut. How is that even educational? Fish are tiny! We dissect cats because their muscles are almost identical to humans
A l l Dreams come true if we have the c o u r a g e to pursue them <3
#MyPastRelationships made me more of a
No one can get in my way.
taylor swift is the best gurl
European generals in the mosh pit!
W. Water Polo. USC Captures No. 3 Seed Into 2012 NCAA Championships
change occurs when we open our mouth to speak up regardless if we can see the impact yet.
More than 18 hours left of dance this weekend...
Any New Year's Resolutions? “One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: To rise above the little things.”~John Burroughs
84% of U.S. Small Businesses Using Mobile Marketing See Increase in New ... - Sacramento Bee
Sonny's Car Wash equipment is about to take Wisconsin by storm. The highest quality equipment in the world is available with CWGuys!
is looking forward to Saturday's 10am Precinct Walk for Kevin Beiser, Math Teacher of the Year for San Diego School Board 858-248-1903
Another Cute Follower...
Free t-shirts while they last, free PD micro sessions, prizes & more in booth 318
Thanks for being on our side. Keep up the support and the research. We need more men with your mind set.
Nope. I'm looking for the next big whale instead! Q1:Facebook targets 5/17 for #IPO date. Will you buy shares in FB?
let's do it- I cannot wait! Topic opportunities abound....
okay, i'm done now, can you PLEASE RT and FOLLOW? we'll follow you back <3
honored to be the last supper <U+0001F61A>
You know nothing about me either!
RT : We are officially open downtown!!
I've got it in my hot little hands. Thanks guys.
Let us drive! We will risk the roads to deliver you your favorite meal! www.wausautogo.com
Oh shit not again! Running out of cigarettes. Anyone knows of a store that delivers cigarettes?
thanks Judith, hope to see you soon
right!!!! I don't get it! If you are you are if you aren't you aren't. Random but we need to reunite :)
Weirdest person I ever sat next too
Maybe I should have tweeted about you during the Superbowl. Man I am still butthurt about it...But Ride or Die Patriot Fan 4 Life
..find that funny and strangely appropriate. But what do I know. I'm at the plastic surgeon--NOT for a boob job.
sorry for your loss. your dad was a librarian, interesting.
I don't enjoy tons of legal jargon, but if it's gonna to be there The way things are w/ the internet now practically invites it
Lot of sweatpants and fanny packs in this library.
aren't you going with Kaylynn?
Is RIM inherently this dumb and obtuse? No need for personal contact. Just put key info on web site. Need BB parts?: call x
dance it up Kajon!
Ohio Gourd Society will be selling their gourd art and crafts this Sat. and Sun. 10am - 5pm in the Atrium.
Woke up laughing. Clear mind; clear heart; pure JOY!
Destined to shine, I'm going to find a way!
looking forward to internationalization!
Any good documentaries at #Sundance this year?
M yes I eat mine with jalapeños
lol, yes - unavailable :-)
great blog on an AfrAm Edu Agenda: 1st, there need 2b a change in mind-set via parents, comm at-lg, & ed sys=pre-k on up
‘Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.’ William Butler Yeats
When someone retweets my tweets >>
Haha...I'm hoping for a job someday where I can wear sweatpants and go on Pintrest all day.
Yikes! Yeah, 2013 for the next copy is about right! Our library isn't even carrying 50 Shades yet.
Find something else, find something better. And yes, totally give a speech and who's coming with me.
Or come to Mountain View Library for a forum on immigration. Lots of choices at your Anchorage Libraries today.
jealous! Mine are far from blooming. But took day off work to
being this pretty ain't eazy
We had an awesome time playin for Kappa Sigma bid day party in Macon, GA. Thanks for coming out!
Today, 10:15 a.m., Bible class at Marietta Adventist Church, The Lost-and-Found Stories of Luke 15.
don't you ever let me do karaoke again.
I saw Mikey behind Pauly D!!!!! Freaking out right now!!!!
My cab driver just exchanged cabbie gang signs with another cab driver.
i'm having that day, and it's not limited to writing.
all day man... working on my next project right now. well glad to knw erthing is gravy. see u next time im in DC probly
that's pritty funny:)
I don't like bloodclaat fake bitches yo , yal don't talk to me or look my way please
Omg everyone is so stylish. Especially in Madrid, like everyone is classy. Nobody wears tee shirts & everyone wears scarfs.
Mandvi is playing a serious role in Margin Call, yet he still makes me laugh. Something about his facial expressions.
Web 2.0 Keith Rabois at square - NFC payments - hardware of the transaction matter due to card present
Why o WHY would u ever put a light switch behind a door? Its a cruel joke that builders probably laugh about every night before they sleep.
"Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them..." - F. O'Connor
I think Baby Nostradamus *is* twitter
Just be thankful you have a day away from the newsroom. If it gets much hotter, we will need oxygen masks to breathe.
Way to steal focus from the Did Phil get you anything fun from Coltmerch.com?
Flirtationship: More than a friendship Less than a relationship!
Ahh, the first day of spring! Wait, did we even have winter?
Death & Taxes! Business or Individual - get thruough tax season. Next The tax guru & experts
#UnderSiege is on #AMC ....one of the few good Seagal movies
haha yeah. crazy stuff man. I'm glad they're having fun. I'm just concerned about all their younger fans and their BTR's image.
Horrible strike call.
You honestly never cared did you?
i have to be ur friend whats ur name ??
Teacher:Dickenzy me:ayy that's my slave name
If I remember correctly he had a stand in vote in favor for him.
Thanks, bro. I appreciate that. FYI - that picture is actual size. :)
“: And now, former Colts C Jeff Saturday officially has agreed to a deal with the Green Bay Packers. Nice Packers pickup.” boom
He not bout that!!! TMT ALL DAY!!! RT : How much you got on that?
Just signed up for the instagram android app - already an easier process.
#E3 news was pretty exciting! Looking forward to the new #Nintendo system! Also, glad the #Playstation network is back up and running.
party at the moment .. Traffic was horrible!!
is Taylor on here too? :-)
how about them !!!!!!!! this is what happens when people put a nail in our coffin
Cant wait to see tonight on #TheVoice. He's gonna kill it!
user question - categories of interest for potential in house development ?
Wait if you're going to be on your laptop why not just-- Actually, okay. Sounds good. :)
I need to stop eating so much junk! I am exhausted everyday
Stay strong drose luv U & it's time 2 focus on getting better! No need 2 worry bout nothing else. Keep ur faith god is going 2 C u through!
remember tonight exactly a year ago! Fucking
#schoolmemories, when me & Anisah crack ourselves up 'cause we're so damn hilarious. <U+0001F60A>
April Fools! returns next week for
#Fail. Left my library copy of The Big Short at work. No reading before bed tonight. :(
": Writing an essay while the red carpet is on.... #NoFun" I totally agree
Excited to be in with today from 1-3! Come join us for fashion and treats!
My mixtape is finally done...releasing soon theres not a official date yet...
Black Sabbath, Chili Peppers will play Lollapalooza
If you could grow a beard, you would be the greatest bearded host on television.
now you know too!
Happy Weekend;)
may 22nd! gonna send you something real son
Old school hip-hop >>>>> the real shitt:)
shit changed my life.
I DM'd You RT : I agree so text me RT : Someone Text Me, (Someone That Knows How To Keep A Conversation Going)
Referral Key is a neat place for small businesses and professionals. Become my colleague
#Bcltorphanworks Lydia Loren: lets not call them orphan works, but works held hostage!
My Quote of the Day - "The poor are prevented from thinking by the discipline of others, the rich by their own.", Theodor Adorno
ah, well I'm hyped for Guardians of the Galaxy, fingers crossed for Rocket Racoon!
I have pork tenderloins marinating, coleslaw chilling and potato/parsnip/onion baking. Planning on cooking beets later. enuf?
Today's Plazma is Dali. Targets thermic force. Meditate: "My Father is intrinsic awareness. I feel the heat"
Is bed time for you oh should I text your girl why you looking at other girls notes on tweet
CM Punk and Stone Cold is pretty awesome #onemorematch?
:I know what you mean, young lady!
UMinn identified its user communities and created profiles about their user needs and usage behavior
is coming to Harvey's Lake Tahoe on July 21. Tickets go on sale Feb. 24. Who's going?
FOLLOW-----> SHES MY BFFL AND SHE TWEETS A LOT!
2012 is going to be an awesome year for EWC! Be sure to come in for an awesome sweepstakes and promo coming soon!
Thanking God for the morning...even though I'm tired and groggy today, I'm still happy to be alive and thankful for God's blessings! -Dave
Happy President's Day and Happy Family! How are you celebrating yours?
this could be a major factor behind the influx of obesity and food allergies?
"her wounds came from the same source as her power" ~ Adrienne Rich #poetry (via the enchanting book "Wild" by )
Loving the posts on #finecraft from CraftBoston. Makes it come alive!! So wish I could be there. Hope everyone has a great show.
yeaaaaahhhhhhh buddy! Even though now I have a sore throat bo!
Yes! Oh, let me taste your tears, Scott! RT : I hope you can hear me grumbling at you right now
muahahaha thanks for the laugh.
the older we become... life has jus begun...
- Very nice work, Mike. Best of luck with the projects.
Looking for someone for #wedding hair/makeup,Suggestions?
Blueshirts Blank New Jersey Chris Kreider set up Dan Girardi's game-winning goal and added an important insurance goal himself Monday as
wow, sounds amazing!!!
That's so true and wanna put they nasty finger in ur mouth #negativeRT : i just wanna f.ck don't kiss me.
No Prince rule, but I almost ALWAYS play one tune from The Purple one when I DJ a gig.
I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one... #I'mfuckingsingle
Still time to make it to #HappyHour til 8PM! Come see us: $5 drinks & select $6 appetizers
Poor Left Churchill Downs before Springsteen came over the PA...
If you're ever in need of a contractor to help you complete your home improvement tasks, We'd love to help!
we movin to the top who comin wit us
Wow, fantastic reading by Paula Meehan and Nuala ni Dhomhnaill at #HybridIrelands conference #notredame. Very impressed by conference so far
You are making me thirsty! I love an extra dirty tanqueray martini.
same shit I just said
What a day! teaching w/me & 21 videos clips for ...OUT of my comfort zone! Glo-REH!
Have a good year everybody !
Christina Milan's Daughter is Beautiful.
They lovin the crew they lovin the crew
Join us in reading "High on the Hog: A Culinary Journey from Africa to America" by Jessica Harris. Bartram Book Club Chat & Potluck Feb. 25
Interested in #Cubs tickets? Come in and sign a lease with us to be entered in a drawing to win!
I wonder if has gone to see Smart since that first class lol
rejects my calls and doesn't answer my texts:( <U+E413>
damn i never seen u ever get upset on tv that bank of america story got u rattled
my news to you is not as good to share, but I will wait as well before sharing it
It doesn't matter who you are or where you're from ; You're beautiful , don't think about it for a second !
I wanna come next thurs too. Let's get a school bus for old times lol
at least he isn't talking about recycling his water again!
Lol l I just noticed.
Lyfe Jennings - Must Be Nice
Big win for #KINGS 1-0 series
the pace is picking up now that it's getting closer.
I was gone go to the gym
Yes..you're right. But the order was faxed and now I'm waiting for results.
If you have shaggy brown hair and bicycle toned legs, well too bad, because I already have a crush on you.
Sick of this yet? ...2847564823378678316527120190914564856692346034861045432 6648213393607260249141273724587006606315588174881520920...
Unseen Steve Jobs&#39; interview to be released
Oh you daaadn't! You did it. It's all over now :P
Just now saw that - I'm actually heading to the Little Italy location. :)
so, you got something to say about Melo?
He is a toura de freshman theatre club! -V
okay fair enough
Great question - I don't know but will research!
NOPE! I won't fall for that!
I miss you too :)
Have you visited my website, lately? Thanks!
Not yet..but I know what I need to do <U+0001F614>
better: would you rather watch a porn with your parents OR starring your parents? (told to me by a mom)
and now my other lovely too :)
by the time I finish teaching, drive and park, i fear the tasting will be over.
Woohoo! Wonderful news and well-deserved, I'm sure. Great match-up all around!
Good Afternoon Twitter!!!
is cool & yet frustrating at the same time. Like #drawsomething pic you can't guess :-p
How do you lead by example?
RT - New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has been named AFC Offensive Player of the Week by the NFL
I heart you, tony!!
I was just gettin home ain't had my phone ALL WEEKEND , 4rl , but hey look at it this way at least I didn't forget ;)
I got you fam
Good Morning, Lube Nation! What do you have planned for today?
So she wants to be Lady Gaga.
We will be today at Washington, DC Convention Center! Come visit us in Hall B, booth 1532.
Haters gonna hate, Potatoes gonna potate. LOL
DJ Cyn at TBar for Dew Tour bottom of Peak 8 come say what up!!!
Same here! #10 is always packed. Might be ok if it ran as frequently as scheduled.
be sure to follow the band :)
it isn't always enough to be forgiven by others, sometimes you are to learn to forgive yourself!
Thanks for mentions and invite to #walkingtacos! Gotta make it quick, #rent @ 12
We agree! RT IMHO -- on this fine #followFriday, you should be backing the awesomeness that is with your #ux cash.
Sounds good to me.
Glitter, wings, push up bras, jayz and kanye...my favorite things!
#WikiLeaks and Government Transparency: “Secrets, we’ve got dreams/Mysteries and crazy schemes”
are you in LA??
HOUSE is on its season finale. I had no idea.
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE. (;
I said alien. I think you misheard...
If your reading this your beautiful even if your a guy don't let anyone tell you different! :)
wanna go skating?
Goin to a romantic dinner, the door opens, heated seats, soft music, champagne toast, all attention on your Valentine. Reserve your ride
ew! me too!
Ion Need 2 Be Stressing Over Nothing Aszx People
please follow me i follow back!
Every time I see "C. Friedrich" I'm going to mistakenly think his first name is Cole, I can already tell.
Dream chaser 2 meek mills stop u killing them meek and im only on the intro
That's when you're a real bike commuter... :) Went well, I hope?
Inexplicably missing next verse, "and they shall demand a hundred forms and find some excuse to refuse every request"
No parking at LEnfant- heading to Chinatown/PQ area
Thanks for the follow back
Let's go get dope fresh in that shower SAN!
My inbox keep getting spammed <U+0001F645><U+0001F482><U+0001F44A>
Good morning twitter world, it's time to turn dreams to reality.
Haven't Talked To In A While
i think i am going to offer it someone else, but if they dont want it, then sure
Hmm, not sure why it was left out. Do you have a pic? Send it to us and we'll post it!
I love dogs so much :)
effectively makes the case why Shoah Foundation videos shouldn't be uploaded on YouTube
I know. Apparently that's what happens most of the time because people won't just try it on their own :(
I hope we blow the Pacers out by 40 just because Hibbert and Vogel were talking reckless.
Technically same department, but different groups under that department! ;)
If it weren't for Javier Schwartz, I would start to take myself too seriously. Thank god.
Actually going to prove ppl wrong about this guy!
where u at Hutch? This Noc!
Rise and shine!
That lovely moment when everyone realizes how funny you really are... Yeah I live for that " omg she really just said that moment "
#high off life
You're my bestest friend in the whole world now, okay?
The world ending in 2012? I think we're all forgetting Phil of the Future was from 2121. ;)
I guess today is Make Loud Personal Calls In Restaurants Day.
Episode 7 is live and everything is 'Crystal Clear'!!!!
shoutouts to for being a guy Baeza supporter and being a great boyfriend to my auntie ! :)
where's the afterparty? You owe me a miller high life! haha
lol smh well go to sleep
I kno it is what it is with me a person work speaks for itself....
First rehearsal is in the morning, actually. Good times await!
We have been super busy lately, hope you all are doing well, update coming soon for our website.
Angela Carter is awesome
I can dig that ;-)
TRUST FALL!!!!! #epic fail
Today my dad went to the neurologist... Glad he's starting to do better
Slideshare, down. LinkedIn, downish. Internet trouble or sign of an impending #WWDC ticket offering?
vampires beware; i am shvizting garlic...ps. where is this promised snow storm???
I just took the FINAL in my fist class of the semester
Oh hey, you've been granted that wish... Haha.
HEATHER MORRIS IS HOSTING NEXT WEEKS PUNKD. I THINK I JUST DIED.
Just finished reading The Hunger Games. Wow. Very intense.
First fight of the night and I already feel like some stress is off me :)
so nice to meet you last night!! See you again :)
Tell us some more great places to eat in Cincinnati?
only a person without boob holders would say that
Tomorrow for lunch, New Montgomery & Mission, 11-2pm. Kale pie is back.
I'm no longer in the area, although I'd loved to party with #NASAtweetup folks.
Cant wait for tomorrow.
If anyone wants to kik my username's ericJRgonzalez. Let's try it together
thank you very much. Wanted to send it to some folks.
Heey Everybody, guess what? It's Alona's b-day! Go over and wish her a Big Happy Awesome Birthday and give her some love. :)
Flash on Tap tickets will still be on sale at the door for both the full event and party passes. See you there!
She doesn't know you..
Costa Ricans spend only 15% of what Americans do on healthcare, yet they live longer and healthier lives than people in any other country.
Wait for the Japanese release of the album - on CD with bonus tracks. For real. But the LP is gorgeous. Just sayin'
"I'm the king of the world!" - JACK (Leonardo DiCaprio) with young ROSE (Kate Winslet) in Titanic (1997) Play clip (excerpt): Titanic 1997
Haha uh oh PITT is driving.
Take Ron artest out the damn game
You got it!
we are actually gonna be dropping the STAND UP VIDEO today!!! and we will be giving away tons of BikeStyles and iPhonic gear!!! stay tuned
ah, finally home from work, no kids, no wife around...oh yeah, SLEEP!!!
The Business Blog Marketing Kit includes 3 how-to videos and an instructional eBook:
Check out this month's Inc. Magazine. We're an Inc. 5000 honoree & among the fastest growing private companies in America!!
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time. - Elberd Hubbard
Mom has Job interview :) The Chef is working her way up !!! ^.^
If you change your thinking, you can change your life.
So true! But its one of the best things in life to fight, sweat, and campaign for!
What's up tweeps!
what's up? tonight at midnight...madness...who's going to see the Avengers movie? i'll be at Rave Theater =)
i don't mean but
& myself will be hosting a great event in support of ! Buy your tickets NOW! It's gonna be so awesome!
Huge news today - Claudio Vargas is back on the Brewers! My wish came true and this team is now a playoff contender! what's his WAR?
Feathers...just a fad or here to stay?
BOOM Product management should be reserved for liberal arts grads. engineers, geeks can't think straight
you have the coolest username ever, I can't wait to check out your blog :D
I want some <U+E33A>
YOU GET YOUR BRACES OFF TOMORROW!!!! OMG!! ARE YOU EXCITED???(: I AM!! YOU CAN LICK YOUR TEETH AGAIN! ;)<33
#JohnnyWalker has taken first place in Brands by Value, a list of the world's 50 most valuable drinks brands.
if M5 would have started singing "Brian Wilson"...now that would've been worth watching.
just walked out with Mayweather!!! Ah (;
Ha! Oy this week I went out nightclubbing, and woke up the next day feelin' like an over the hill Holly Golightly.
The grammys is to boring, all those CMT singers lOl
life is so precious. Thank you for helping Ivy share her days with all of us.
I miss the starlight lounge, and i've never even been there
YO ! Nas doesn't looks like he's aged , that's wassup ..
I know. That's why I replied sarcastically.
When I logged in to the CF seminar, there was only 4-5 other people. So it may not have been that bad...
Please note: before you choose to piss me off, I suffer from mental illness so could easily kill you and plead insanity
Enjoying a yummy Caramel Brulee w/1 pump Toffee nut Frappuchino from the Bucks, m....
that beat is awesome!! think convertable on the highway
Well I guess I am. Son there is much about me you do not know. You must learn about your DNA
That nap at 7:30 seemed like a good idea at the time...
Night night<U+E403><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>
chances I could get in on a beta test?
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: <U+0001F493>
-you guys be having beautiful little families buy y'all mess it with these sack chasing, home breaking, diseased tramps.. where's the logic?
that's all I'd really need it for too. I send all my lenses off to the Canon factory. But even in SF that was hard to find!
Ima victim of my own kind wea da weed at
WTB anti-aliasing for iOS apps.
Final score 30-10. We'll get the #Locos in the rematch in Omaha on Oct. 15!
We have a new server/network ready - vpn-vn1 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Miami, FL. It's available in your customer area now.
don't forget the #95uclachampionship #basketball team. Representing
Thanks, glad you enjoyed it. Yes....I'm not ready for this heat, lol
Holy mother of jesus! Seein next month<333
Is there something going on in #Spain related to the US Civil War? Lots of hits on our #CW150 blog originating from there today.
Then don't have a Twitter..... That's what it's for....
'We must come back with a framework,ready to implement&be the owner of the 21st century.'Amb.African Union
What feeling? RT : I'm fucking sick of this feeling.
How was the publishing process? did you DIY or find a publisher? thanks!
72 degrees and beautiful in Richmond. Working from home...too busy to take out my camera... ugh
it was during the summer time
HOW WAS IT?! :D
Try the Peroni sometime, too! It's an awesome beer as well. (Your server will give you a taste...it may become a new addiction.)
BC First Nation plans private hospital - CBC.ca
Enjoy your BBQ, but be careful around the fire!
That is sad :( I've been updated on your life though... I'm sure that doesn't sound creepy at all to you.
Sometimes I'm confused by what I think is really obvious. But what I think is really obvious obviously isn't obvious.
currently using 3 sets with 6-8 rep max... most importantly, make sure your diet is on point whether you're cutting or bulking
March 22 at 3pm SLIS is having a discussion about career options in LIS. To RSVP or get more info send e-mail to .
i miss you guys too
A person can succeed at almost anything for which they have unlimited enthusiasm. - Charles M. Schwab
Its a really good album have you heard his new stuff :)
it's everything about you you you <U+2665>
#greenythedance is NOT trending in Cleveland...thank u lord haha lol
Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to Desperate Housewives
Portland - PF CHANGE'S
Amazing thanks for asking! How about your's?!
If you haven't failed at least once in the last week, you're doing it wrong. Why are you playing it so safe?
My television is muted right now, but it looks like Billy Crystal is about to be eaten...
don't tell me about it. I bet it's the worst feeling ever. Lol
Excellent! This is an amazing resource.
come home please?
Have a great night everyone..Come back tomorrow for Heavy Handed Sundays and get your eighth weighed to four grams!
Take my hand, close your eyes With you right here, I'm a rocketeer Let's fly
#CMchat question: When was the last time you sat parked in your car & couldn't get out because it "held" you?
Thank you kindly!
-.- Bitch. Thanks to that whore, i got a broken arm and fractured leg!
lol....uh huh
It was great seeing you as well. Look forward to helping you with your brand-building initiative!
keep grinding boo
Little Christmas joke to start the week off - Why was Santa's little helper depressed? Because he had low elf esteem...
Good Heavens! Hadn't checked #Klout for awhile, but apparently now I'm influential about Costco, Marriage, Cars, Sports and Math. WTH?
Adventure Time!!!
its like sitting in room temperature merky bath water
now following thanks
How can you hesitate? Take risk! Risk anything! Care no more for the opinion of others, for those voices.
Help me get more followes?
End of tour strip club blowout! I have literally no money left. EVAR.
Have a great Easter weekend!
Comin home from walmart
How many people are pissed off right now
I miss habby
A whopping ONE whole run from the buccos tonight.
but did you find your Captain Darling?
Backstage right before Spain Mozart Requiem: mezzo thought hair spray was throat (misty water) spray. Somehow it went well anyway!
It's too quiet in here for this to be Harlan.
I just grilled up some steak, baked potatoes, and corn on the cob!
Lots of people ask me for advice. I've realized that my answer is nearly always some derivative of "Fuck it, do your thing"
nerd. can i have one?
Still working to complete a bridge for my 2nd single 'Do You Know'. Not a writer's block issue, lyrics are all there. Finding a melody shift
I just wanted to say thank you to you and because you two have really blessed me this morning!Keep it up!\o/
Senate hearing concluded. Now time to write a post on what Congress still doesn't understand about net neutrality. But lunch first.
Choices, choices. Upscale cocktail bar mayhaps.
I've always guiltily appreciated MNF's love for the Bears and wondered what possible reason they could have for it.
#DirectionersAreDisrespectful BEST TREND EVA.
Thanks for the follow, Suzanne! Hope to see you in San Diego more often next year!
ha! Classic. But you love it!!
I Hate That I Love Him & I Wish He Was Average >>
u must be watching the oscars.
Had a crazy good time at improv tonight with
Sometimes the modicom of talent you have in an area exists for your deeper appreciation of it. It doesn't have to be your life's purpose.
#badcamp session on education and #drupal is really good. exciting stuff
WE want to see a picture of your Pinkberry! Stop by and tweet us a pic!
Work flow lets go
RT : Make it thy business to know thyself, which is the most difficult lesson in the world. Miguel de Cervantes
i did the twitition and im
Can I just have green eggs and ham, instead?
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?! #AskMikey !!!
Bump Weekend at Burnies atleast every other day
At this time of the night... creativity is open also... BELOW THE BRIM new drupal site coming soon!
RT 44 of my Facebook friends changed their profile pictures. My life is fucking insane.
Omg, decisions!!! I need to watch #TSC but Gotta Kick It Up comes on in half an hour! :/
that bull duke is working
Well yeah! But we already know this.
I don't know it's never going to be the same.....
An ATX landfill is now surrounded by homes that shake as methane gas does its thing. Sane query: Why were homes built there in 1st place?
Friday: Art & Soul Featured Artist Showcase. Performances start at noon with Lee'a Ro and Tony Styxx. It's going to be great!
1) "A Day In The Life" A 41 piece orchestra played on this song and the musicians were told to attend the session dressed formally.
Can we help with anything?
Happy birthday
Hello, twitfam! Been pretty busy preparing for our next issue. What have you guys been up to?!
There's no reason for teachers to give students projects that are due a month away. We're going to procrastinate til the very end.
Your article can be in the format of frequently asked questions
I'm going to Disneyland in 2 weeks. PLEASE be there and take a picture with me?!?! <3 you!
As more and more business owners realize how powerful twitter really is, they'll be eager to jump on board
Be sure to stop at lost leaf tonight!! Great vibe, great beer and wine selection for all yall!!! THE REWIND!!!
Ima bout to tell my bf ;wanna be friends and school to fuck off
i work like 18 hours this weekend!
Q3 via : What's the best technique for getting a dorm buddy to stop snoring?
absolutely gorgeous, you are blessed =)
then get your butt down here!! i miss you too :(
just got top braces yesterday -.- already had my bottom.. f me... <3 :\
is playing bass in his third band today (of four?!) holding down the low end with Lara Johnston. What a man.
Heart like a lion, mind like an ape
Thanks for the RT! I hope you have a good turnout tonight. Sounds like a cool exhibit.
lady gaga is great she is the best totally cool
Based God
RT if im cute ppl dont do this im ugly I get it
umm. That's why you take them off before you go to bed. Who sleeps with socks on??? Lol
That moment you're laughing hysterically in your bed, when you know you should be crying! Life is a Puzzle, Figure it out! •jS Zz=-]
AIKI - when 2 opposing forces create a confluence of energy
What was it?!
Ate some strange mushrooms from the backyard and now Tenacious D's Pick of Destiny makes sense.
It is what it is...that's life- charge it to the game
I think I wanna take a nap hm
Another great evening at the Harpole Awards. Thank you for hosting a great event!
Loving the pandora comedy stations
Top of the Morning to ya.
Uggie, canine movie star, to &#39;write&#39; book
That is bringing me back to my misspent youth.
Agreed. The surface and time of year make for an unpredictable tourney.
Leave Cory Provus alone...he is great and I want him to stay in Milwaukee
7 minutes left...
'Avengers' Surpasses $80 Million in North American Opening - Wall Street Journal
I see thanks!
Getting a borat text from makes the studying all worth while! Visiting home in 9 days #cantwait!!
and Do me with a churro, arriba!!
Thanks for the heads up.
:-) I appreciate you!
Really??? I love your voicerface when you speed it up.....
some people think one day computers will be smarter than people except people are not very smart
9/28/43: Jews of Rome temporarily forestalled their deportation by delivering, after frantic effort, 50 kilograms of gold to the Gestapo
Just found out there is a Wilson Phillips reality show. Sadly, it is on TV Guide Network, which AT&T U-Verse doesn't carry. Torrents?
hi hi
"Om come in and sit down indian style like me Om oh my god close your legs if youre wearing a dress, nobody wants to see that Om"
Happy Saturday everyone!
Jon Shwardon stacks up a double double snatching 16 rebounds and putting in 10 points for
room for one more?
Hey everyone .! I haven't been on here in a min. But I'm finshing up the song stuck probably tomorrow .! Y'all gone like it <3 - Zaona :)
Detroit Public TV - Special on education tonight 11pm. 3 stories - academic transformation - on literacy, physical and science education.
Since moving to Seattle we've put on a few lbs even though we bike/ walk everywhere. I blame all the good beer here.
Drake is too beautiful not to reblog every picture I see of him on my dash
. No official certifying body, but some companies will do a check for you However, fed gov't should do its own b4 using you.
On March 24, 1834, the Bank of Maryland declared bankruptcy and closed for business. Accusations of fraud would follow.
RT : I got one of the 1st t shirts niggaz!!! Ps. When am I gonna model these for you guys! fo lyfe!!!
I'm listening to crew love by drake and it reminds me about the crew<U+2665> so its on replay :)
Quick! Grab some scissors and turn yours into a mini dress. No one will notice.
I really haven't fallen in love with Twitter...yet.
can this day just be deleted from the calendar...i think it would be for the best...
Roenicke pinch hits for a position player for the 2nd time this inning. Does he realize we're not still in interleague play?
I was at Alterra for 2 hours this a.m. and was definitely expecting an Aaron showing. I'm shocked you didn't appear.
Ladies please bring shoulder pads back
oh dear. Such as?!?
Could this potentially be a reason to not allow the trade to go through?
Tonight we shall.
today should be the day you follow me(:
RT - The Miami dolphins should get some inspiration from this dolphin tale movie
Nothing to see here; just upping my tweet count to 667.
YOU are the inspiration! Thanks for the shout-out
I wanna dance in the rain.
Listening to President Obama's online live speech at the LGBT reception
I ran to Adair and she kicked right into the side of my knee it cracked and buckled in <U+E059>i cant walk
Twitter, You are so EFFIN AWESOME! #TEAMPORTLAND #TEAMFOLLOWBACK #USA #UK #RUSSIA #JAPAN #BRAZIL #AFRICA #JAMROCK all you sweet followers!
I'm so surprised about Whitney Houston.
Had so much fun today!!! Awesome event!!!!
I'm so tired lolz
Mike at at Baseline and Kyrene: you were awesome as usual. You even packed my bags with my OCD in mind. :)
come by Hillel, we'll fine one!
I sit here and wonder if you'll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you.
What if there were no hypotheticals or similes? That would be like...
Mama's Royal
You can't get to heaven half off the ground.
How is everyone tonight?
Spent the entire day without access to my work email.
This is the sale with the incredible amount of jewelry I keep mentioning - fine, costume, semi-precious, Victorian - you name it! ;)
You have my heart, you don't need a ring.
I'm rewatching the Phocus tutorial. I want to make sure that I don't miss anything.
Top musicians
Goodmorning:D someone woke up earlier than usual!(:
Someone once told me, u 'become' your environment. I have found this to be true
Big event this winter w/ in #Howell MI, downtown and going to blow away every other crappy rail jam you've seen. Stay tuned
Can't wait til after school....so excited!!!!
Congrats to Mandy! RT : Found out I won the Pat Hoefling Memorial Scholarship to go to #aaup12 today! Yay!
Heck yea! RT : pause for the cause! it's time for Pilates !!! <U+0001F46F>
Don't waste your life in doubts and fears: spend yourself on the work before you, well assured that the right performance of this hour's...
thanks so much man
Yes they are!!! Ewww!!! RT : People irritating
those shoes are so junior high aha
<U+79CB><U+8304><U+5B50><U+306F><U+5AC1><U+306B><U+98DF><U+308F><U+3059><U+306A> (Akinasu wa yome ni kuwasuna) Meaning: Don't let yourself be taken advantage of.
We are looking for contestants for our 2nd annual KoreFit contest! Head over to our #Facebook for more info! Best results receives a prize!
I was at the white bitch crib you never came #ashly we kno you stunter fake
I can't imagine it gets better than spending my birthday with and as and I
Im back in #NY it was a really fun vacation and I'm happy the time I had with my mom and friends I'm gonna miss u all
So many thing done today. Happy. :)
sorry man - I've become a bruncher
I will give you peace and quietness. - I Chronicles 16:11
Excuse my french, but that call was bullsh!t.
Anyone else find the #drpepper10 #drpepperten campaign highly #offensive ?!!!
RT : He kind of cute. Bynum they call him. I think
i'm just waiting for someone to take a dump in a gallery while people watch and call it "performance art"
Okay. RT Follow us on Twitter
i think it's gunna turn out pretty awesome! we're definitely excited
#Truth This definitely helped us when we were applying for scholarships.
ii know what ya mean :)
I'm lucky a lot of my family didn't get involved with facebook. We still do things like send letters and cards! whaaaaa?
Sunday morning sunrise grant writing to Guided By Voices - Alien Lanes.
Fuck it , its time to do what makes me happy !
It's not the situation. . . . It's your reaction to the situation.
Am I right or did I just give you another idea?
RACER RODRIGUEZ 13 Y/O author lives in TX w/ dad ROB’T. CATHERINE CAMUS controls dad ALBERT's estate in FR. WGAW hides their money in L.A.
My mouth will hate me by the end of the week!dentist,orthodontist and all the 9 yards
Glad you're tuned in to the twitter stream!
Would you recomend this as healthy and low carb as say chicken breast or turkey?Reply
This is what society tells me: If i don't lose weight I will be alone forever.
bj won't be going anywhere. I think we spooked him around trade deadline-he won't be saying anything dumb soon
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the Empire State
Eh, whatever floats your boat.
You not sleep yet?
Hey, Newsweek! Time magazine had a BOOB on its cover, & all you can come up with is Obama with a rainbow halo?
“ T2 people need to be transparent about their interests/goals/intentions #s4pm”
We just finished an amazing podcast! Look for it this Friday.
$258.3 billion in USA annual health costs could be saved if only patients took their medications as their doctor prescribed ~PharmaTimes.com
Im re-living all the pain of losing the most important person in my life.
good lookin out !!!!
Rebetika part of an attempt to re-Hellenize Grecian culture--originally viewed as oriental, marginal in the new social order
I swear I'm a lesbian on the inside
Won tickets to the beastie boys screening at the troc tomorrow. Can't go now. What a bummer.
I've always liked the Yotes. Was a season ticket holder for eight years. It's a fun sport.
thanks for the follow Blast that info
Fortunate morning when your roomate's alarm wakes you up 15 mins before your class starts...
Behind every pretty girl lies a pack of haters.
Beauty is truth, truth beauty, - that is all. - Ode On A Grecian Urn by John Keats.
I should probably get my laptop charger, but then I won't be able to run to the other room screaming "ITS GONNA BLOW UP!"
i kindve want some fried fish and cornbread and rice and greens and some fried chicken AND some sweet potato pie AND some apple
Belly full and watching the Super Bowl.
There are too many experts and too many studies.
the sparknotes community is so strange
Is that Marliave?
The Unversity College of Engineering Event will be a dream-come-true after you go to the gym Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Whatever, this weather is PERFECT.
Jim Knight, Chubb CIO & Chair of SIM is leading a strategy discussion. Marketing & Leadership Dev. are priorities
Come fly with on twitter!!!
God was not confused when he made me.
Off to get ready for work. Have a great day everyone :)
funn morning!! love my little girls team!! PARTY TONIGHT
If You Know Better, You'll Do Better..!!
How do you get people to place your link without you placing theirs? Trade link for another that is (PR) equivalent to theirs or pay for it.
Thanks! RT Definitely stick to CFL bulbs for a plastic lamp. Incandescent bulbs get too & might melt the plastic
That's a bullshit offensive foul...
I miss u! Feel better! I'm excited to go to brunch with you in the future with Allison, Jen, and
I hope Brittany Davis made the cut!!
SHOUT ME OUT !!!
What the fuck is with that picture? Jesus judges you for that hair and 80's glamour shot.
RiP Donna Summer :[ we will remember
Phillies final record?
I have a crush on you.
We are all connected to one another in the heart.
"Enter to win dinner with Barack" Has it really come to this?
In truth, Maddy only stayed there for about a minute. She sit on Harry every day, but that's the only time she's rested her +
Our thanks to Ralphs/Food 4 Less (part of The Family of Stores) for their support of , a school readiness program
Just finished giving my dry-run presentation on #hydraulics. #or11 here I come!
So much notes !!!
i followed him! :D
anytime bro!
that shirt is garbage...lol...and hit the weights bro...hahahha....
Jeb Bush will be the next POTUS. I fully believe it.
omfg. Me too. He's freaking amazing<3
I have no clue. I just awkwardly laugh...that's what I've done all day ! Lol. :D
I can't help but be amused at all the cutesy dumb messages and posts you get, and all your posts are straight up business.
FORGET YOU .
Hey guys, just a reminder... your dad jizzed inside of your mom. Bye!
"The Difference Between Medicine and Poison is in the Dose"
Darren says "Weather will be perfect for Cinco de Mayo, Race for the Cure & viewing of the Supermoon. 11pm
Good Morning and Happy Friday to All!!!!!
The spider Queen is hanging up above my front door.. No doubt plotting some way to get into my room and take revenge... ;O)
Oh, and Happy Mother's Day to all you mamas out there!
hey im jordan ashleighs friend, She loves you truley and you should legit ask her out, you'd be so cute together!
Bad day for Beantown. Patriots & Red Sox both lose. Go Broncos!! 5-0!!!
Wow! This guy from small town Texas needs to go to anger management classes.
We are talking to Miss Black Minnesota USA coming up on the ! Happy Black History Month!
#INDIETIPS MAKE SURE YOU EMBED YOU INFO IN YOUR MUSIC!
GRRRR waiting for appointment this day couldn't get any worse :(
McDonald's employees now greet you with "Welcome back to McDonald's," which is surprising because they found a way make us feel more sha...
Thanks for the follow. We're just gettin the ball rolling...
Never let your actions speak louder then your words, that's the difference between the educated and the uneducated -my old, badass, neighbor
Thanks to John & Christopher for helping us validate advocacy work for #chamber members and more yesterday.
John just turned into ben
One of my cats was glued to the TV watching Animal Planet--hilarious!
Thats what we like to hear! RT : Off to yoga with - the best part of Monday
i'm starting to get pissed bev!!!! Heather is going down!
Greinke has a 1.56 ERA since the All Star Break
- right on Chad! #Medeco Biaxial angles get their name from the letters beFORE & AFTer the Original L, R, & C angles
Long Live Youppi
i love how nothing in my interactions hasn't changed in 7 hours....
It's weird how I had a dream last night of the school flooding and now I look at the news and rivers are flooding.
Are you talking about me?! I totally need a cape!
Life is madness.
Thanks for the following, yous guys!
#Imagine Austin softly touching your face and pressing his soft lips against yours.
I share interesting things I learned & PD opportunities. Colleagues ask how did you find that out? Twitter, friends, Twitter.
Did Romney say "Borrow money from your parents and start a business?" to the 3/4 of students who are on financial aid? WTH?!?!
If you fuck with them suckaz you betta duck with them suckaz
Happy Birthday Zoe!! I really like your dog. She's beautiful!
Quiet Monday
"One is not born into the world to do everything but to do something" Henry David Thoreau
She walks off. He continues waiting. Stares at the candle meaningfully. Remembers Hemingway's six word story. Composes his own.
Showers may change that soon.
ATTN PHILLY AREA BANDS Dobbs is doing last minute Toy Drive 12/23 free show, toy is admission, 13+ slots Contact:
Time to head out tomorrow and drop off resumes to businesses
so what's everyone done/doing tonight or whatever
We had a 125-word mention in "Neighbors" on Friday, May 4. Take a look if you haven't seen it!
RT : The Miami Herald picked up our Live Taping tonight at If it's in print, it matters!...
hey man, I like your work, listen to mine if you get the chance, im not trying to sell, just curiouse for your opinion
Let's talk food! I'm taking your questions for our food expert today. #AskAnExpert Monday
Are slides and/or video available from last week's #wommu?
I really, really, really, hope so!
yeah that's what i'm thinking, i better hurry!
#YouKnowYoureInLoveIf you get butterflies every time you're around them. <3
I don't think selling chicken ona stick in the middle of the dance floor is sanitary.. But I ain't mad lol
The FDA allows an average of 30 or more insect fragments and one or more rodent hairs per 100 grams of peanut butter.
Love my family though.
Please tell me I will see that on Instagram.
valentines days is suppost to be happy but instead its the 200 day i havent seen my friend :/ </3
If they have achieved self forgetfulness, the impulses generated by fellow actors will feed this forward, moment-by-moment movement....
Hey everyone we will be streaming live from Hollywood this friday!!! be sure to check us out only on iBand Live! check us out www.iBand.me
Kentucky is just too talented for anyone haha goodness
Get out, get out, get out of my head and fall into my arms instead.
*make that 2012
Some say the glass is half-full, others say the glass is just obnoxious.
Who "LIKES" lunch better when you don't have to make it yourself?
it was the hunger games...the movie differed so much from the book!
“: If he still communicates with his EX #YallAreNotDating” TRUTH
where as Africa is an entire continent, yes.
It's like deer creek '09 all over again
I like that
It's all about making a difference... what are YOU doing?
I've always thought they were equally authentic versions. Lemon and cognac... Lime and gin. Maybe cointreau? LOVE them.
You are a laser. I just think the whole world should know.
Good morning! Have a blessed day!
Afterward, Gloria said to her that it was necessary to love silence, but before you could love silence you had to have noise.
RT - Ill be in Cleveland for part of a series of the Tribe-Yanks starting monday when Derek gets back. Very excited. ...
You can always tell how good the party was by the length of time it takes to tweet your birthday thank you's!
resolved: start all office hours by asking "Who sent you? WAS IT THE ROMULANS?!?!?"
"Q: If a motorcyclist runs into a woman, who is to blame? A: The motorcyclist is. He shouldn't have been riding in the kitchen? "
People are coughing on the train, shall I put them down
Need Fantasy Baseball help? Tweet for the next hour. Ray Flowers () is there to help you move up the standings
Be respectful with that boombox! Sound during #lastthursday should not carry more than half a block.
On the way back to cbus.
Heading to Cheyenne to see and in concert. Should be AWESOME!!
Sometimes to give the best services, we have to stop giving other types of services.
congrats. I'm so happy for you guys.
Thanks for sharing!
Own your own business..Start today!
I believe you have to be 21 to get into the Dinah darling! ; ) There is a lot of alcohol and debauchery... LOL
CJ DID SOMETHING GOOD.
There is more to life than increasing its speed. Gandhi
Dp you know a good shop, do they have a group discount? :)
in this age of internet, how do you feel about snail mail submissions?
Weekends are the worst because all I do is work :/
Have you heard? is the official Rose Festival station this year! What's your favorite part of the RF? We'll cover it!
Have a great day !!
Awww. Love it!
No he's here with me :)
worst pain in my back, i feel like an old woman :(
Don't start checking big stomach!
Great Job tonight!!!
holler @ me sometime. I'd love to come play yalls spot.
I remember making my own Sittin' up in My Room video about my crush. Also used 2 sing Have You Ever & Brokenhearted to get thru those times
We're starting to plan our next Young Preservationist Happy Hour. Any suggestions of bars or neighborhoods to visit?
hey cobra (;
Wish I could sleep, insomnia sucks.
Inhale breath, not food.
Dang my moms strict I want to do flips on the trampoline and she's like oh practice your jumps and leaps
I haven't heard from my boyfriend since yesterday :/ I hope he's okay <3
BUT IT'S NOT A VIRUS :P sounds like fun. Did you download the app that Julia and I told you about??
I think the real question here is why do I have so many pairs of socks in my purse?
Our newest followers. Thank you for supporting the Black Lab!
Happy Birthday to new Kastle , who celebrated with a qualifying win over No. 5 seed Kateryna Bondarenko at the !
I could be in for this. Love me some Mamadou! What time?
you catch some fish today?
"What'd you all think of Pink Champagne?? Yeah"<U+0001F497>#Champagne #Quote of the day.
reason #64 why you love , right?
What I love about #Cueto is that he gets as excited as I do when his defense does something amazing.
Planning a Birthday/Family trip to MEXICO with my favorite person Rachel and her Boys :-) Hurry up APRIL 9th!!
mom says no shorts underneath. gah! mom, i don't want to be naked!
That looked like the OLD King Cole
Twitter should have a claws fur dealing with bad cat puns. I Manxious enough already.
Looks like I'm going out tonight gonna get faded ha
what about votto for pujols and d jennings ... roto
I've been tasked with creating videos. I'm all about it. As long as I can join the fun, let's DO IT!
Every piece of sh-t every man has to eat every day of his life is personal. They call it business. OK. But it’s personal as hell.
New York or Milan?
Fitna take a nap before the games come on.... I feel a whoop comin on cuz.
Now I don't even want to get ready
Tornado Warning for southern portions of Culpeper County
can I get a <3 please? <3333
is playing in Happyland Downtown today for #HappysRunningClub come visit!! :)
If there's one song that could get everyone going...it's what is singing tonight at
Ugh, I love!
Just walked by #tyga tour bus again in #Portland. Is he still here?
$.666 per song, you guys!
doing my egg osmosis lab. awesome stuff right there.
RT : First 100 guests to Opry Mills get a free cooler bag with yogurt and treat purchase.
it's not summer...
My wife and I raised 4 great kids and loved the teen years. Being self-employed and working from the home was beneficial.
Two days of TextMate and I came running back to vim. I just can't navigate without command mode.
tweet any Tech Sources/Activities used in Social Studies classroom to
i once promised a judge in Douglas County i would violate no laws in the state of NV...so don't do anything I wouldn't do?
MY FINGER HURTS SO BAD! it's like burning! ughughughughughhh!
Cher is Twitter yelling at people who are bullying her son (daughter Chastity). I respect that.
Huh lol : If you not a believer suck a BIG A DICK hahaa Ah
ENKG... ASK VERY THIN!!! Slap the ask away and were off to another HOY!!!
how do you do these tricks with out fall of your skateboad
Heading to the Detroit Athletic Club to hear the 2012 #DetroitJazzFest lineup announcement!
October 24th @ 830pm sharp we will be dancing thriller as a tribute to Michael Jackson while raising money for Make a Wish foundation!! =)
CAN'T WAIT!
Nose for the ball ==> Ersan
Give me my Liz and Ewen! #GH FORGET LUCKY!!! I don't want Lucky back! I want Liz FREE!
Just tracked dump for your project, i have a few more tracks that fit what your looking for.
Good. I hate Toby.
Saying "the system has failed up to this point," judge rules special prosecutor will review Koschman case.
Ashburn Alley! RT : Get ready for behind-the-scenes content all year. First stop What should I go see? #OpeningDay”
omg! Can I buy one of the turquoise mason jars from you? I've wanting one of those to use for dish soap. :-)
Attempting to get my web geek on tonight! :)
Folks we need to get on #Community!
drinks and arcade games do make a good mix
About to go INSANE!! You don't realize how out of shape you are until someone challenges you to start working out again....err!!
Let's be fair...EVERYONE knew that the team to beat in the west was OKC...it's the only team in the west that can actually play the lakers
With the cold-front coming, Chi Fests will be less and less. SO make sure to check out the #CoyoteArtFestival this weekend 9/30-10/2
Day #967 of the exile. NVG mods were spotted running security at the local Occupy camp, just to stay sharp.
#BernieMac got his start by working the El in Chicago. Everyone's gotta start somewhere, and it usually ain't Carnegie Hall.
I can't wait till he's off work!!!
Convince anybody of anything take's knowledge,hope,and a willing ear and is it worth it anyway? UNRAVLE
Back from my first day on the court and it's great to play again
Two of my favorite people in the world got job offers last week, and I just wanted to congratulate them again! You deserve it!
well, you're allowed to use google
hey, know of any good heartbeat fx on Logic. I can't find one for the life of me!
you have no idea. You'll see--you'll see..
thirsty thursday cannot come soon enough!
Do anybody know what is the age for chrome tonight
MVP who? Lol ": Lebron is not clutch he MISSED 2 free throws such a punk move"
I feel awful for Robin. Mono is so cruel to this sport.
Think about the business side of it, we both can gain here.
ONE game from the Stanley Cup finals. Holy shit.
McGee is one of those dudes who will need to be traded around to be motivated until one vet or coach motivates him for every game
Night Court-Martial (Thanks, !)
I cant even right now. there are like 67890354389 going through my head..
it's good to shower on occasion. I highly recommend it.
Sipping on Kompot.
Just successfully played Chinese red light.
girl I feel ya! I'm still trying to grow mine out.
well said! we did a webinar yesterday on Outcome Learning and the poll questions bear this out!
dirty dirt bag
going to Express Fall Fashion Runway Show next Friday! ^.^
good luck in the Jungle!
All them trade schools like everest and shit be sellin straight wolf tickets..
Got your #TaxiMagic app yet? It's FREE! Just visit www.broadwaycab.com. You'll be glad you did!
She say shit gone catch up wit me...we'll Ill keep toilet paper wit me!!
Home. Alone. Sick. Pissed. HOLLER AT THE BEST SATURDAY EVER!
Factory in Philly wit seeing a nice nite out
term project
#fridaylistens started the Shallows by Carr and set it aside when Affair by Child became available. Gotta love Reacher!
Dudes: on your online dating profile, please don't have pics of your genitals. I WILL tweet them with your name. Try me.
Talking about the past, because of how much you love it.
Just got my stats exam back, I puff puff passsssedddd it
On the other hand, feeling so sick is not fun. Meh.
yes she is
Getting ready to head to campus for the international children's & young adult literature celebration!
Robert Southey~ Not where I breathe but where I love I live Not where I love but where I am I die.
Possibly, might spend the evening making tweeks to Carl's Dinos instead.
That awsome moment when your teacher ain't in the room for the last 30 minutes of class! <U+0001F60C>
I'm tweeting quotes loser -_- not talking to you! lol
#MTV now casting!! Looking for people who created fake online profiles and have had someone fall in love with their online alter-ego! Pls RT
Hi fr #GA ! Happy Holidays!
Your legacy lives on in digital glory.
and at the GAC shuffleboard tourney
We're all set for the Association for Asian Studies Conference on Thurs - see us at booth 118!
Tall, and tan, and young, and lovely, the girl from Ipanema goes walking. And when she passes I smile, but she doesn't see...
found it, wish you was in Miami baby
check out our reverb page and see what you think. We would love to open for a cool band at .
must be nice to be a handsome man!
wondering if a AAS in CIS/Programming would do me any good or should i just get a bachelor's instead
#Great #Smoothie today! so fresh! #Raw #Spinach, #Brusselssprouts, #Carrots, #Tomato, #Banana, 1/2 c #Yogurt, 1/2 c water: #BLEND & #ENJOY!
A "genomic" factory would build according to software-mutated, generative designs, never creating the same object twice
can I get that autographed copy?
I have a website if you still looking for beats!!
Physically hurts. The Beavers suck. But apparently we suck more today. :-(
“: Am I the only one hasn't seen the #HungerGames yet?” I thought I was :)
wins one tomoro? Secretly(again)what's on tomoro? #I'llWatch! TIA
IF YOU DON'T GIVE A DAMN THEN GO THE FUCK AWAY, JUST CAUSE I WOULDN'T FLIRT BACK LOLOL
EsJay's going global! =] RT "We’re also making it easier for American businesses to sell products all over the world."
I'm going to the #Idaho Caucus tomorrow for #SuperTuesday...Come restore America with me & #RonPaul !
Good morning Twitter! Off to Cambridge for some estimates today. Enjoy the weather :-)
Keeping Up With The Kardashains Fantasy Factory or Jersey shore !!
Come to Happy Hour Friday night in the SKYBOX--$2 well, wine, or draft. Mention Twitter first one is on us!
Jury reaches verdict in trial of man charged with murdering Jennifer Hudson's family members. AP
RT : Just laid down the first two joints for the HEALTH WEALTH KNOWLEDGE OF SELF album. I Am Alive Now & 4 Laws of Wealth.
#ir12 add me to the list please
such a solid album!!!!
RT : Be a part of the #ContagiousBehavior tonight with & !!!
Ouch => RT : Pawngo dropped off 900 pounds of Butterfingers today in Copley Square in Boston with a sign that said "Thank...
Interview at 11 Friday
Well use this number and promo code for good deal. Call 1-800-390-3065, use promo code 29055 to get employee V.I.P.deal.
Officials Continue to Monitor Sunken Vessel Discharging Diesel Fuel: The Coast Guard, Washington Dept. of Ecology, Dept. of Health, a...
lmaoo that's pure hatred
whats up, we is twitter friends!
In a single platform govt, equal access must be given to the enforcers for fraud waste & abuse, and those who want to prevent it.
A polar bears skin is black. Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.
there's always a reason for being awake...
or maybe when we have our Johnston Hall dance party later this semester?
thank you bubz
I may be just one person, who none of you have ever met. You may not care but I lost respect for a lot of you. I would be embarassed myself.
Lol watching glee:p
If you accidentally curse out loud while saying your prayers, you should probably start over
i'm not on that team.. LMFAO
Buy things because you need them, not because they are on sale
Trying to figure out how to add (and use) custom meta fields in
Omg is killing me watching him on andersoncooper is the funniest thing ever Long live
Even more tear gas in Oakland. Solidarity from
I'm having it right now! Lol :-)
Neckritz asks about the current %age contribution for each fund & the multiplier for the City's role in contribution.
"...These are their stories."
Christianity: Manipulation at it's finest.
Watching Parks and Rec Season 2. I have eaten at the restaurant where Ron and Tammy have their argumentative/sensual reunion.
RT To beat the best you must be better than the best. Work harder, longer to catch up. Take a little more risk.
Wackin some balls around w/ oh and is a skunk
That's the problem with getting attached to someone...when they leave, you just feel lost.
Oh that's right, they have a life and I don't lol
It's snowing in Indiana. Are you kidding me?!
Happy Monday! Network drive is down.
nice game tonight :) you've been doing really well, especially in the past few weeks :D
Scratch a dog and you'll find a permanent job. — Franklin P. Jones
So glad to be home!
It's gonna be a mess. Already meetings rescheduled and/or canceled.
Just dealt out a royal flush! What are those odds?
Yeah. Feeling almost normal now... Little bit of a headache
Beauty doesn't need ornaments. Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments. oh yeah babes......I love doin it reaaalllll slow ( wink !)
will you please go to fb and look up we love austin mahone then go to the contest and look for Melanie and like the picture! thanks alot:)
Hotter than tabasco
For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free! Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe, til 7 pm
Yeah! ": He is back. Broncos have agreed to terms with DT Justin bannan.”
could be a touch longer...
RT if you have braces: favorite if you don't
"A mini-van full of babies." EMily Maynard is an Orthodox Jew.
Good mornin tweeters N VILLIANS. This is ur captain speaking! Yes hello n greetings captain speaking. Stay away from jigaloos
what state u in?
Pho would be great. Soup in general would be awesome...are there any other places in SD specializing in soup?
Just got a call from my son who reminds me church service was held at a different location right down the street from me. SMH
im loosing followers..
now=no hahaha
Gym time
RALLY FOR ROSS! Join Team Ross & Actor/Activist DANNY GLOVER tomorrow/Sunday at 11 am at 24th & Mission!
in Feb our students used for blended learning as follows: Comments Posted: 2030, Visits: 4079, Total Actions: 24,713
These refs are determined to help Lebron.
Even crime wouldn't pay if the government ran it.
but if we inv him, we can cut off his tail and fry it
but belts suck sometimes!
Happy Bday! Hope the 30's are as good as the 20's!
Missing our corner of delicious baked goods at Amstel. I hope to return with banana bread and pumpkin pie.
When lunch
RT : Who is coming tonight? and Partner for Prenatal Yoga | Ups And Downs Of A Yoga Mom...
doing much better now. teaching animal science to the kids right now
awh thank you :'D I would stalk you Any day (;
ik i am
aahahaha oh nice and its really not that hard to work it
Check me out 2nite performing with Streetlight Allstars at the show Gilligans MBORO. Cant wait to see them, its been a min! *
when I was younger I had 4 callbacks for cop and a half (for the kid of course).
Made one!!!
lol yeah they did. I think he was being sincere in his choice though...still won't get my vote lol! No way, no how!
you had to bring up Kit Kat......you wench! -starts scratching-
": are u going to amnesia" NO AFTERHOURS TONIGHT ,PURGATORY AFTERHOURS OPENS NEXT SAT
you so damn silly..send me some pics.
OOH LLAMA LLAMA
Slowly falling asleep <U+0001F4A4><U+0001F4A4><U+0001F4A4>
Merry Xmas to al me peeps and team
im sorry i wasnt talking too you babe but call me back i well i swear love you<3
Gotta give it to ur haterz... Theyre great at consistency
well that's good :)
your quotes make my day.
July 2011 has 5 Fridays, 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays, this happens every 825 years
Get it how u live u #fake ass
yea more like defensive pressure. They've been breathing down his neck all game
Do you think they said "Reed you need to make some changes or we will?"
Want a fancy ceramic coffee mug? Stop by the office - we have one for you!
I wasn't quite sure, but now I have to make it soon if there will be Hoveround races!!
Master Series: "Re-imagining the Public Library in a Post-Recession Economy" starts at 12:30pm, DCC-Ballroom A2
& when things get sunny , niggas try to rain on you . none phase me dont you know that? how can you conquer a man who's conquered himself?
Happy Friday the 13th!!! & this is my 666th # tweet! Yay! :)
Binghamton. What a stupid little city.
Can I make a request? I want you to play ____
I'm not the clingy type if you don't wanna make it work --then fuck it I'm done
If you could teleport yourself to any place or time, where would you go?
i have to get redy for school
Are you running #Windows? Have you considered #Linux? For a laptop, I'd go with #Mint or straight
I wouldn't mind performing Judas while dressed as Lucifer with a dead goat over a boiling cauldron just to piss off religious entities.
NYC: demos every Saturday in December! Join us Dec. 17 from 1-3 pm at the hack line (Central Park South @ Fifth Ave (nw corner). Be there!
Shawn Cunix is only person I know at table. He witnessed the whole bluff and didn't say a word. #TrueProfessional Won a small one, 34k
this is kappa business get outta here lol
RT : #YouKnowMyFeelingsAreReal if I get crazy butterflies in my stomach before we hang out..
First written assignment graded. First plagiarizer caught. Sometimes I wonder if they listen to my "don't plagiarize" talk.
Leavin on a jet plane....I don't konw when I'll be back again..leavin... on a j.....
you're not alone, even in HHs under $30k/year smartphone adoption is ~20% (more if you're under age 35 or so)
Ever so welcome! Have a great #follow Friday!
Congrats to our main man and co-host IN-Q for a great show, you guys have missed out on some insane spoken word if you were not there.
my bad, not my intention...we gotta have a girls night soon :-*
if u were a burger at McDonalds you'd be a McGorgeous
I swear and are my niggas fa life cuz we bee too Turnt up fa the hoes Nbs lol
Number of people applying for US unemployment aid dips to 367,000
Season 4 of brings jobs to 480 Oregonians & 600 local vendors.And total dollars is impressive. 11pm
the middle of the field is always open! We can't stop a nose bleed on this drive
Needs Her Nails Redone Ugh
I'd wax that ass
New Twitter Background
Agreed RT : How 'bout just pulls the trigger and scores one already!
I just got to Gold level at Bring on the free drinks!
Why are we not rebounding at all?
people dont understand that theirs people who live in Vegas,& that its not great.
Great article. Until "Live by the console." Then I realized he was crazy. One-of-Those in fact.
#ThingsILookFor clean socks
Omg :') I wanna cry for #Adele . I don't care what anyone says, I'm her biggest fan!
The only thing I can't wait for is to bash my dad in front of people who can actually help me go live with my mom.
Our agency meets & exceeds the expectations of our clients, specializing in employee benefits. Linton & Associates (505) 247-1530
POTUS, FLOTUS and now FDOTUS: First dog of the United States. Good one.
no one but im bout to roast ya ass lol
what's for lunch? RT : Finally a #foodtruck is stopping near *my* office.
looking absolutely beautiful... U go-head-on girl! :-)
My cat has taken over the pillows. I'm drunk maudlin and tired. Sigh.
thank you so so much!! i feel so lucky! :)
There was an Angels no-hitter thrown the day I was born. Mike Witt on September 30, 1984
“:The Help...best movie I have ever seen. The message is unbelievable. Everyone needs to see it. We are all equal.GOD IS LOVE.”
Check out our pal James Redford's The D Word: Understanding Dyslexia #documentary Official selection of 2012
How was everything on Saturday? Did you have a great NYE?
I WANT SUMBODY TO TWEET FOR ME
all will be said soon my friend
I know, maybe some other bday :)
New York City back to acting like it's winter. Duuuuuummmmmbbb!
i will read you to filth
Happy Mother's Day, Todd. (Some lines may never die.)
it better not suck
: if you were nicer to an employee who quit, they would have quit anyway. Quitter is a quitter. Let em quit cause u pushed em.
McGee destroying the fakers Lmao.
And it's over...Harford couldn't pull it off
I needa change my avi y'all my cousin hating ??
thanks for the RT!
yeah! It was so good! And it was the last show of tour so there were pranks! Haha
Movies tomorrow with ; Nathan :D ; Liam? ; Darious ; Dylan(maybe) ; &Aaron;*
Follow me on instagram!!!
you for the North County event! Hoping for more like this one; enjoyed - always a great host!
Had three of my proposals accepted at #AECT!
The boozy lunch: ever so slightly more sobering with an infant.
i don't ever dress up, i always come casual. Haha
why dont I have friends like Carrie Bradshaw? I need Miranda, Charlotte and Samantha here ASAP.
Guys I'm exhausted by this game and my show hasn't even started.
Solution:Why not find out ahead of time what kind of food ur guest typically has 4 breakfast, & b sure to have that on hand?
Figures, I guess :)
I spy with my little eye ... A THIRSTY ASS BITCHH!! <U+0001F602><U+0001F602>
I want to move to California <3
Details can be found at www.ralphdouglaswest.org.
Gossip girl season finale!!! Ahh!
love you mimi! xo
Looking forward to 's first day at today! Welcome to the team!
And now she got out the porn... why? Why?
a fellow fan right here babe :) love all britney army. hihi
Good morning Twitterland :-). Hope all have a wonderful day.
Have a HAPPY MOTHER's DAY everyone!!!~BAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER Becoming a Legend because my mother said so~BAMM...
Hey hope you have a good night =) could I text you? I'd send you a direct message, but still tryin to figure that out lol
but I bet you stalk more people then I love... But if not livings a good thing hahah
"Work with enthusiasm, as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people." - Ephesians 6:7.
love your daily emails! Truly a blessing to receive! :-)
#Dodgers hold them in the top of the 10th. Due up, Kemp,Ethier & M Ellis.
Just a friendly reminder that all Facebook apps will need secure access starting tomorrow.
Back at the scene of the "crime" and no where near as nervous this time.
we think that #Tabatha needs to take over the UK !! <U+0001F604> lol but what a fun show that would be ... #possibilities :)
So much for sleeping late oil burner problems GO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Have you tried calling Laurenitis? He's on TV right now!
My hair needs to be out for the Drake Concert
This week has been almost complete sh?t can't wait for the weekend to get here. Family time and diving all weekend
Upper body = SO sore. Rock climbing, you win. This time.
This is Bronson Freaking Arroyo! Gross! Lets have a contest, lets see who can look the worst swing at garbage tonight!
Um, yes -- please! RT Maybe we just have to open an actual store in Carmel :)
RIP Dusty:'(
I'm good!! What about you? :)
I swear if I fight my combos can knock someone out
Rx2you.com is now in Spanish
you know it
May get the opportunity to see "The Hunger Games" tonight! Send me positivity!
When all these people are talking about exams and stuff... bitch i've been on break for a week (:
Very excited that Alex Oriakhi is coming to #Mizzou. is owning this story. Must follow for MU fans.
Yes probably!!
You guys are like a Christian version of Maroon 5! So Awesome ;-)
Me and my bros will be at Society NightClub shutting down pdx tonight.
“: And I'm wrapped w/ my morning news anchors from NBC7 - back there tomorrow night!”. TY Melissa !!!
1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY PROTEST at SAN ONOFRE NUCLEAR ...SONGS Nuclear plant has the worst safety record of all US nuclear "SONGS threat to ...
Bryan Carter's presentation on Digital Africana studies 3.0. New directions for scholars.
I didnt know u did drag...
the pleasure and privilege of working with you has been ours. good luck and don't be a stranger
Happy Mother's Day!
we are about to embark on a 'round the world video shoot for our client alliance laundry systems! stay tuned...
90% of orphan diseases are life threatening or life shortening
soaking in the non-discursive olfactory rhetoric of pumpkin-bread-in-the-making
super-I hope I'm on your list-it's on my calendar!
RT I'm trying to remember the last time there was a series at Camden Yards with first place on the line.
Off to Las Vegas for the next few days!
going to miss you lady
Damn. I thought "I should've kissed you" was a 1D related topic. :3
thank you :)
2. More. Days.
Teenage culture took a giant step to separate from the nuclear family in the 1950s when transistor radios were introduced.~Don
“: Interesting that private sector panel at #bisnow event end up taking mostly about social media, and not mobility as such” agreed.
Of ALL the beautiful things we can draw for this art class... WHY does it have to be our feet?... OUR FEET... I don't get it.
Spilled beer on my keyboard...
to go to Dallas for the weekend or not hmm
And BF says............ OK, there are you paying attention to me now....
Headed to interview with the Timbers!
I can get down with this --> Today is Friday May 11th. It's National "Eat what you want" Day! via
well if I get accepted to the nursing program that'll be a year so next year
Burn more calories, increase your endurance, and burn more belly fat with high-intensity interval training.
I think that "hook echos" and "radar indicated tornadoes" de-emphasize the ferocity of real, confirmed on-the-ground tornadoes.
worst 2k player ever
Roses petals falling signify the blessings that shower upon your life. ~ Maria Carter
Hewwo!! just thought i'd say hey c:
Lady Gaga is safe from bees!
Just a friendly suggestion, might want to reconsider Flash based site. Your missing all the iPhone users wanting to check u out
oh yeah? Where are you going? We might be going to bripp later!
QoTD: "Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable." (Theodore N. Vail)
Shout Out To You.
Gunna go to sleep inna few, just gunna listen to for a little bit because they always make me feel better <3 welp, Sweetdreams.
I need strings. Poop. I wonder if i can bring my amp to this free show..
Also this afternoon, Dr. Donald Currie, pediatric rehabilitationist, testified to baby Ava's longterm prognosis...
uh yes! I didn't tell y'all I was shooting the pilot? Yeah it's a dream come true lol
who needs the nba?
I now know all about Spider 3 Wide Banana thanks to #grudenqbcamp. Lovin it. #nfldraft J E T S
I will be at school in an hour. But the guys wish you'd let them wear jeans.... Please?
good night twitter!
K's Choice - Not An Addict (European version)
You're quite welcome, ! Looking forward to the event with you and
Chef Robuchon will be in Las Vegas April 10th-17th.
I don't #kissandtell, my friend. :) (JK) RT : so hey what other Twitter Account(s) are you behind?
hope you enjoyed it!
Do you know any more? Where'd you find out about it?
- pre-bcs...irrelevant argument. LSU is unbeatable anyway especially in the dome.
Here by the Washington Monument! Next to the stage, off Independence Ave and 15th Street
RT : BREAK A LEG
needs to come back to instagram
Great Day looking forward to what the print world has for us tomorrow.
Same getting ready to cookout with the fam ^-^ hope you're having a good weekend
Just want to fall asleep but I have so much on my mind.
no.. I have absolutely nothing to hide...
HOUSE CALL: Oral contraceptives — Multiple uses help to improve quality of life
having r 2nd annual film festival 01/28/11. If u'd like 2 submit a short or a trailer, pls email , its free pls RT
its cool bro no worries!
back to school... of rock
Haha! I have been desperate enough to try to fish out the clots and then choke it down. It would be worse to have it come back up
I haven't gotten anything! :O
lol o okay got ya love! whats new with u?
Been at apsu since 8 and still haven't played
the problem isn't technological. The problem is that we have not worked out the semantics for we want to express.
I got a new book and I can't seem to put it down. That's the problem with slathering one's hands with rubber cement before touching things.
What's your skype name
Wow! This is unbelievable! Thanks for the overwhelming support!!!! BuyBobNow.com first phase is on the way. Membership drive. It's FREE!!!!
if it were tied he would be looking for wade and getting rid of the ball like it was a hot potatoe
So if we ever whoopty whoop, I want all the beepty beep.
Great meeting @ Az Pain Specialists. This practice is just incredible! If you're in Pain they are the first place I'd call.
I just wish she would have gotten out the meatsuit for this #etgaga show.
HoeLies #49: I have never kissed a girl.
Thank you so much!
Happy Christmas! xoxox
a very sad day for Norway - thoughts and prayers for them!
An candidate that wants to sign an executive order to block Obamacare without House or Senate vote is power hunger. Think about it
sober cathy is scary enough, please spare your innocent family and friends
Watching men walk on frozen water while using sticks to put black cylinders into a sideways basketball hoop. Interesting.
as long as you feed me your baby batter, in need of a good protein shot!!
To live does'nt mean your alive...--
Did you know it was once believed if you found 2 yolks in an Easter egg you would soon be rich? Happy hunting!
You are welcome sweetheart! keep them coming.
Effective instructional design encourages all learners to take responsibility for their own learning.
Austin has a black bracelet that says MUSIC = LIFE
I mean, hello lenders, we want to spend MORE money - at least help us get rid of our condo. Such an emotionally exhausting process.
Thanks for the follow!
I mean was I not supposed to? And plus I believe you listen to Future.
Decisions made out of desperation never work out in the long run....
We would definitely be interested in that. Let us know about any info, either here or at - thanks!
64% of Marylanders support a five-cent fee on disposable bags when the proceeds are reinvested locally.
ha, yes, you got it!
I loved Leaving Paradise, Return to Paradise and Perfect Chemistry. Do you follow your fans?
Let me guess....Apple Earnings Soar by 118 Percent in First Quarter?
...it's sheer brilliance, no? the music, setting, words - to say nothing of the beautiful look of that FrenchFeline ;)
I'm really borred
Hehehe... Freshman formal's comin' up... ASKIN' HIM TO THAT OKAY.
"dad don't step on the dog"
Doesn't it look like it?(;
This episode was pretty good. I can't believe there are only 2 episodes left.
Would this be the same one that's our dear POTUS' COS? That one?
That would be hilarious! She's going to miss us all so much....
smoked out of the #grandduke today
Hope you all are having a AWESOME mothers day :-)
every day is a happy new years to u.
Moe's?!?! Be there or be square
thanks for the follow back! Happy new year as well!!
Great morning sessions at #TUgis so far. Come by the #Esri booth to hear more about ArcGIS Online and what's coming in 10.1.
Blow up my mentions!
i miss you too :c
Favorite #superbowlcommercial so far?
i miss u too :(
If QualityNewMexico is a non-profit, how do they afford these awards & banquet every year? #PyramidScheme Always some Ex-CEO speaker too.
oh, there you go. It's nickynay, or something like that -.- well I'll probably come over Saturday. \m/ If I'm invited.... c:
go follow back
Thanks for the wonderful meeting alderman Foulkes. Looking forward to to implementing some amazing new initiatives together!
Good day at the @ Venus. Next shift at savile row tonight and a nice full day of rest before I start again on Tuesday.
watch as i eradicate your production line with my blue flame hellion harass
I wanna go to warped tour so bad.
#MyBiggestFlaw Is Knowing What mite happen next Before it Happens and whatching it Happen
Forget the Golden Globes! I'm about to record Episode 42 with the Chattanooga crew!
Danielle Vogel examines "the book as an architecture of the body," with her book Narrative & Nest. See her work at our symposium!
Does anyone remember Rocket Power? Omg.
BOOM ARIK ARMSTEAD PICKS THE DUCKS!!!!!
Terrible experience today, 25 minutes to make 4 sandwiches? The half hearted "Sorry for the wait" didn't begin to cover it...
Should not be allowed to drive without coffee.
The Infuse Meetup was awesome. Just join the Infuse-Open Mic group to find out about future events. Anyone can perform a poem or song.
Listen, you're singing to the choir here. Let's hold hands and sing Kum-bay-a.
:o dont say that people im sure care about you even though i dont know you.
Etta James, you are true Legend and an Icon. Thank you for all you shared with the world. You will be missed + remembered forever.
While I'm happy that Donald is in the final, it stinks that Maria is not in the final. #DWTS I'm surprised.
At pho 36 in #avon. Awesome service and the pho is delicious.
“:Joe Paterno is 83 right? Is that his real hair or is he wearing a racoon.”I'm 50 years younger and jealous of that hair line
That site is great too, Alistair!
"Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it." - W.H. Murray
Morning and #FF to
I'd tell him to go screw himself lol.
whats the matter? yes please help me
r a n d o m ... and im hungrier than someone after a week-long fast
I hate gotye...there I said it.
Discovered one of my favorite writers, Adam Gopnik, interviewed Saul Steinberg in the 80s and it was never published. Tantalizing
: Fashion fades, only style remains the same. Coco Chanel"
TELL ME A #FUNFACTABOUTME! I WANT TO KNOW YOU GUYS BETTER!
Bout to stroll to dolci with a sippy cup of tempranillo to erase this day in gelato and wine. Who's coming?
NO I'M A BOSS.
Dancing lesbians, not always sexy......
I think Chou Chou needs to be the standard for toothy tabs going forward, I actually look forward to brushing!
I love Xmas time and I'm hosting the family party this year. Now I just have to worry about gifts and food.
one love BD
God Morning!!
alright bet ill be ready brah brah
broke camera = :(
why you say that
May I ask.. What was Sophia trying to say on the windshield? or did someone just write it there in case she came back?
It's pretty outside...pretty hot! Lol
“: Dear grades, get well soon”
u said that is everyone here make believe? Lol
First person to mention Platinum Posts in a Tweet will get 30% off first order
"You don't lose Friends. You just realize who your Real Friends are."
john - my eyes are bleeding? no ice cream.. i can't believe i just read that (or is it blue bell?) ah.... poor john!
got it
Why can nothing stay a secret!
I love twitter too much to ever stay off it <3
She will be so moved. LIfe flashes before our eyes on stage.
What to do on a Friday night? Hm... Let's take a look at www.shastic.com #events! have you posted yours?
Congrats! Deserving. Eagles and free-agent G reached agreement on a 5-year deal, $25 million deal, including $7 mil gtd.
Can I get an I love you pic?<3
Function over form
I'm on a Silent Retreat at a monastery. Finishing Scags at 18 caused this need, read www.sullivanstpress/publications to learn why.
you will do great! just have fun its the energy they will love!
how to open AVI. files in SONY vegas pro 11 !!!! o it makes me see red ! if smone know how pls to tell me
you'd still be back in 15 minutes! lol
- But do you remember your old friends?
My fb not workin mines must b the only 1
LMFAO OMG! But the first picture you uploaded didn't work.
glad you are liking the brews!
oh sweet lord what flavor?
THANK YOU WHORE!
Cuz That right there is just cold-hearted .
wow !haha umm dont know what to say to that one !
Three of my next four meals in Albuquerque include Sadie's, Weck's and !
BREAKING; Goodell forces Saints to take Tebow
My cousin lives in staten island hes a homosexual we call him the staten island ferry -Zach G
I imagine the soundtracks of our days are not all that different.
Right now, I just wanna go home, eat lifesavers and sleep
you donated it? Good for you...we've got a beater I hope we can donate soon. To them or goodwill.
:( RT : My days just don't start well when the Clippers lose the night before...
You Guys Are My Everything Without You I Would Have Noone To Look Up To :))))) RT <3
If you succeed too well in your mask, there is no drama.
oh and by the way
Today someone parodied Justin Bieber to me.. and I'm proud to say I didn't get the joke
- Axel, As usual, thank you very much for the #FF shout-out -
that was our so called roll dog in 4th grade # themdays<U+2755>
(George Washington) It is much easier to avoid a disagreement than to remove discontents.
haha i would love to know about jams on the eastcoast--actually do you keep up a blog? shall check out the compound nxt time
Finally made my Amazon MP3 album purchase to test out Cloud Player. So far, I love them both.
hey mike. I work at a sports station in gainesville. Wanna call in and promote anything? It's 6-8pm 352-372-3700.
Re Groove on *Jealous* No w/i many miles of my little corner of the world. Hafta brew some in my kitchen.
Thanks so much!
have some respect. calling your mom a bitch? you're pathetic. even worse on mothers day. grow the hell up, spoiled little brat.
Drinking Bambino out of Star Trek cups. Classin' it up before
You're looking at me, but i'm looking through you.
I fucking hate saying sorry. I don't know why. But I fucking hate it.
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub!!!
Want an allowance? You'd need to do chores. JT: No thanks. Me: Let me know if you change your mind. JT: I definitely won't ever do chores.
I miss you<3 I hate how friends can become strangers
where do you work now??
trill life
no one could update their twit, someone crash the site
Halloween Bake Sale in the skywalk today from 11a-1p. Stop by and get some treats and support ProLiteracy.
You don't know me and you'll never see me again, can't you make an exception just for me?
nobody likes you
Good morning twitterverse! Don't you hate these tweets?
RT : Today's big news: I was asked to be a regular on JJ Abrams new show Revolution. Really excited and happy. Congrats, Tim!
lol alright that's coo too
That's a little Frankenteiny lol
yep, bots pretty much program to respond to apple keywords. The other is fishing attempts like crazy with links.
yupp and I'm here all the time.
everyone, i have been up all night, lets party!!!!!!!!!!!!
another month and ur back right?
please follow me on keek (: im xSuperwomanx3
I'm listening to "I'm Reppin (D-City)"...This track is crazy...Definitely got this on rotation in the whip.
Someone shd ask Mike Pence why he wants to make more children lose their mothers to cancer that could have been detected earlier.
What if I am already following him!?
I don't have a bank account because I don't know my mother's maiden name.
Congrats Ryan! You are the winner of a dozen free Auntie Em cupcakes!!
spam is like the cockroach of the internet - provides no purpose, but it was here before it started, and will be the last man standing.
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
We can only go to spring fling for about 45 min- 1hr but your mom is going to have to take u home or u come to my game.
*hugs* thanks!!
You have to get away from all windows for the lockdown, but you are in the ALC... You can see us through the big windows...
Those annoying subscription cards that fall out of magazines.
That shouldn't have even remotely been considered an alternative to our final haha
Unattended PocketWizard spotted. Tempting.
All my pleasure!
who ya bby
Lookin back on my old baby pictures and I was just the cutest little thing! Why did I have to grow up?
1 more day till we make La Salita history!!!
Hell no! Hate those fools!
Janelle on teen mom is a dumb bitch lol crying cause she can't blow some trees bitch maybe you need rehab and not probation
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 55
Our Light on Tiffany Concert Series continues this Thurs. 6/16 @ 6pm w/Classical music of the 20th century. FREE with museum admission.
thanks for the follow back. Hope all is well. I will be keep Billy in my prayers.
Sometimes, even though you try, you just can't be nice to everyone... Sad
If someone at Casa Bava were to get on ds106 radio, that would cheer me up/distract me.
Working in the studio
Oh FOLLOW HER
Mark McGwire's sock were beige during his 47th home run
Went to bed early, so now I will be up the rest of the night. Time for some late night/early morning TV.
FF life coach
I hate losing... my mom is beating me in Scrabble
I need a hero...do you know when I can register for bfast and learning how to score b2b ink w/ you?
yep its gonna be awesome cant wait #FooD RT : The Big Taste tonight at Pier Wisconsin www.milwaukeefood.com
Burgers, Fries, Tarts and Juice! Come in and have a great meal today!
Tonight at The Anchor Bar come see some great live music starting at 9:30pm and don't forget about $6 Liters and great college football.
try Nashville to Illinois.
LMAO - thought is was chick from Juno film! RT : I've added a video...Susan Boyle performs Duet with Elaine Paige (
Thank you :-) If it doesn't always come from the heart then in my opinion it doesnt mean a darn thing. Xoxo
Texas is so boring. Theres nothing here -.-
Awesome! Congrats.
My lil bro is a fool.
Bahahah kmart has the new nicki cd out for sale before its release date
What you get
Awesome presentation yesterday, thanks for lending your insight and experience!
I just did this really wonderful film called Map of the World
actually, a lot of faculty members, especially in education & #edtech, do research without grant support
damn, he's not going to be pleased about the new logo then that is coming....
eat all the chips you want but having a bag of chips under your pillow doesn't sound comfortable lol
FEBRUARY TWENTY-NINTH?? Impossible! How are you celebrating in the office (or class)? Any birthdays?
back from a long hiatus.
these dudes ring kings wifen erry thing they see
what's on slate so far, yo?
MT : My grandmother did a good job directing the Lionel Richie/Shania Twain duet video they're showing on this PLANE.
Process of liking a song: 1 Day: I love this song! 1 Week: Hey that song's good. 1 Month: Turn that s$it off!1 Year: OMG, I love this song!
hey! I remember when you first made your twitter and we talked all the time :) How are you?
It so damn hot !!!
Lol, I haven't seen any of them and thought it was blasphemy RT : husband has never seen The Godfather Part II
eed to make a trip to concord!
if you see this, can you follow me? It would make my day, no, it would make my life :)
I want to then I do so.
San Diego High Life
Good game Lady Gorillas! Whoop whoop!
Played Epic Citadel; I don't get it! Yes the graphics are great but now what???
Hello everyone! What's up?.
New looks great. It just doesn't quite...work properly.
Vegau Inc. Launches New Internet Marketing Website
I'm always in the friend zone, I never get past it
hey I told you that lol
Yep. Similar to long division (yay calculators).
Of course! I just DMd you, hoping we can meet up sometime. :)
Oh in need of Starbucks! Nescafe coffee sucks!! #starbucks #starbucks!!!!! -.-"
At the dang verizon wireless store. Funny how easy it is for them to sell u a phone. Difficult to impossible to get service.
I picked (with help) a round butterball torti to contrast with my stretch-limo buff tiger w/meercat striped tail. A hoot together!
I spoke at Johnson & Wales University today.... 30 minites followed by boisterous questions and answers. I really had a great time.
Can't believe Kurt did that!
In n out is so #fratty right now.
it was well worth waking up to if it's from me! <U+0001F601><U+0001F44D> but alright sounds good. Be ready for all of us to chill!!
do the one with the "need a prom date" signs? :d
I craft because I use RhinoBond adhesive w/all beading/jewelry projects. no worries.
I know RBI's are overrated, but for Adam LaRoche to have 25 when his team has a .316 OBP has to say something. Not sure what, but something.
i was thinking about it too!!! if you go, i'll try my best to go :)
It's the new all terrain Lexus
Theatre always makes the whole school day worthwhile
"Let's see a mosh pit! for TRIVIUM!"<Cameras rake across the apathetic crowd as Trivium takes the stage>
HTML5 FOR FILM panel at #SXSW -- How accessible is HTML5 for exhibiting video on multiple platforms? Sadly, most viewers use IE.
yeah i know dude. I cant get "The Dream Time Machine" out of my head!!
My daughter just stood me up for lunch. Eating all alone.
First person to get the answer correct wins a prize! GO!
when you wanna talk to someone.........but you dont wanna bother them :3
Does a Prius actually start up the engine when you start? Or just the electrics?
would love to! Pretty flexible until 730. Currently poolside.
Is it me or has everybody been dying lately?
What you should see? That's right, LA BOHEME (SPOKEN) at the FLEA. Talented people!
the peppers themselves are really great to pickle in olive oil as well, that'll be next!
Can't get enough of
Can I quote your presentation at last year in my #sxsw talk? "We don't need another FaceTweeter." The best.
lol yea I left b4 he came out lol :/
Tonight's meeting is cancelled.
surfing isn't a sport, it's a religion, another topic that is banned from standardized exams in NYC
Rule #1: I'm always right Rule #2: If I'm ever wrong, please see rule
Your amazing ..I watch the show for you !!
Winter just got real. 9 degrees and some actual snow on the ground.
get that money up girl...,,
best compliment ever :D
I love getting breakfast ready to the sounds of my 3 & 2 year olds yelling letters to Super Why
This is my first tweet. Hello World.
Guys are really chicks on the inside... Or so says the new sketch we're shooting today.
EARLY IS BETTER THAN ON TIME & LATE
ACA opposers joined us in singing "America the Beautiful"
Man.. They promised us the weekend off. All three days. Now they are saying we have to work saturday.. Suck!!!!
Friday is a perfect day to figure out this whole #Google+ thing. Pretty neat!
Hopefully not for to long. And beware of the ankle biters! LOL
Photo: Alabama sports its new national championship rings
Probably should go to sleep... Long day tomorrow. Plus school.. Night!
I'm doing a dessert sculpture on a naked girl 4 a luncheon 2morrow. Any ideas, apart from the obvious cherry placement?
They sure are :)
Just started my blog at trainerd.blogspot.com. Check it out. Still a work in progress.
#Beliebers your man is talking to the BBS show tomorrow at 7:20AM!
I have the highest standards of integrity and ethical behavior. Contact me for a long list of references.
Love the Marshfield Walmart and the Amish. Behave!!
thanks for letting me know. new link www.myfreegenealogy.com
Nerves and flesh
Looking forward to a table read with the cast on Thursday!
#kids Sunday Dual Morning Services: Sunday Dual Morning Services from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 8:30 AM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 1:00 PM...
Ugh, that means I have at least a few more days to go.
awwwh thank you(: I'm watching Ghost Hunters : D
I GOT IT
lmao that's all I think of when I vision a picnic
Tomorrow is the day, will you be part of the 5000?
She was shootin' in tha gym wit me tho
Hard work always yields it's profit, keep focussed on the light at the end of ths tunnel.
Alli.. Has...laurens....eyes...holy...efiin...shizzle... Please be a song lyric!!! /;
Guest speaker in class basically recruiting students to be future lobbyists.
hehe nope im talking about you :D
Would love to chat with you at UXHappyHour about the UX research work you are doing.
I'll grab a couple on my way back. It's rather well lit...
so tried and I have to get up early, but I need to work on my anatomy & english project!
i love the moments when you realize you wanna be asleep but arent haha
Commercial break again.
so am I but if I realize I'm screwed midway through then I'm just drawing pictures
I really love how is always pushing forward
Great call on Carmelos! May have to make our way down there ourselves ;)
Yes you were and you know you was. That's why you laughing. Lol
looking forward to this weekend with , , , , and !
Life is like a taxi. The meter just keeps a-ticking whether you are getting somewhere or just standing still. ~ Lou Erickson
Yeah because u told me how it tasted like! Lol
I will do anything to see Lily hula hoop on fire, and once someone tried to stop it, yeah, that didn't last ;)
People are upset bout Treyvon Martin,,,people are more crunk about him than Jesus,,,If he was Jesus alot of people would be save
check out my new viral video on youtube. "Weiner in the House"
Aw Kendall and Niall that's cute
My Top 6 Favorite Live Funk/Soul Bands Of All-Time: 1). The Bar-Kays 2). Cameo 3). Lakeside 4). Slave 5). Rick James 6). Con-Funk-Shun
there's probably someone out there that wants to watch a human escape from 30 lbs of chipped ham
Sweet! What color?? RT yay! scored a #kellyDress by from flash sale. (Hope it fits).
RT : RT : "Dreams are often divine clues to one's purpose." ~Janet Todd
I stand with great humility in the long shadow of your literary prowess, albeit proudly.
If this were ANY other team... the C's might be down by 30...
#Yougetpointsif you actually acknowledge that im a GIRL
how much were ur VIP tix?
ok. Lol. Bye.
Need yall to follow back....
Im good just seeing whats up with u
not man enough to go noodling don't care to put my arm in holes under water not knowing what is in them LOL
Speed Iz Also Money 98MPH FastBall
I will say that this sandwich is fockin amazing. I missed u
Happy mothers day <3
Sure thing! You guys make understanding #credit easy-breezy.
6th Annual Casino Night Friday February 11th at the Knights of Columbus 732 Badger Ave - South Milwaukee Rockets Wrestling Booster Club
come on OMAHA DIRECTIONERS !! Follow
As in, tough to stay interested? RT : Don't say I didn't warn you about Utah giving San Antonio a tough series.
#DontFollowMeOnTwitterIf you DM me on some spam shit. That will not be tolerated >.<
Haha will absolutely miss that place and only good times for me sir
Not ready for this Algebra EOC tomorrow. So frikken nervous.
originally i'm italian. But live in Toronto now
I was talking to u Elizabeth haha #awk but
Absolutely! RT - this group doesn't do pink denial; we never have and we never will. Just tell the truth.
So rumors are popping up suggesting that Parks and Rec and Community are goners. I'd say NBC would lose viewers but no one watches anyway.
We need a strong outing from DP tomorrow night. Pen needs a night off.
oh. You should fix that.
So cool to be watching #WhiteRoomChallenge & seeing kick some ass! Congrats my dear! #cheers! Cc:
trying to get in touch with someone there about hosting a party there in June.
A modern day #shibboleth RT: Today it's easy to tell who's not on Twitter: the people who don't know what Star Wars Day is.
Just purged my email from 65% full to 34% full.
I love a thick ass redbone..just that got errythang together like a dream woman right there!! lol
Ugh, why can't it be 50+ degrees
The main difference between a Baptist and a Presbyterian is a Baptist won't wave to you in the liquor store.
Minnesota Wild, Twins, Vikings, Timberwolves. They've got to be on that list.
Made another Great Cornocopia Balloon!
Hello Happy Monday.
Saturdays are awful now. I have no issue with skipping Summer time just to get to fall.
A week Left PlusTaxx Bow!
Are you ready to wake up with Cleveland's #1 Sunday Spinning Class? Join Holly Lim for Spinning today at 10:30am Sign up's start at...
IM positivie that I gained 10 lbs on tour last year...for real!!!
Happy Easter! I hope everyone is having a great day! :-)
oh okay!
I sent 2 in the last 5y, I like that there's a free solution for that. They also have a cool document signature feature
Seeing #TheAvengers tomorrow. If it's anything like #Thor or #CaptainAmerica, then I already want my money back.
Adopt a puppy is more like it (no available cash). How would you pronounce #MkeNerd?
great you?
I say it all about money
Congratulations Mozart for having your lost work found!!!
My immortal
falling in love at mifflin
“Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone.”-G.B. Stern. Don’t be stingy with thank yous - if your bartender rocks, tell them!
So you fancy huh?
And, you have a fabulous Friday as well!
the mall parking lot is already full and doors don't even open for another twenty minutes. oh boy.
So, tell us how you really feel. ;) Just kidding with ya.
Here is what bothers me about Chunking Express. California Dreamin is used like a blunt instrument.
What is the first #movie you saw in #2011? I just re-watched
I dig. Looking forward to seeing you in the summer!
We sure did! Thanks!!
No problem! If you haven't already, check out one of the artists that I manage, ! Thanks!
IRISH-FEST in Milwaukee!! If I don't see you at the shows(Sat at noon, Sun 11:30), I'll see y'all Monday. Gaelic Storm tonight!
Silver on civic engagement enhanced via social media: helps make planning fun and eases communication
U bitch
Very emotional dnt want to b bothered
Guess its less then wat I thought it was. Haha played again owell ha
creeping on UF ladies with like its no big deal
Only SIX seats left at tomorrow's dinner at ! Call us at 619-797-1922 to snag your spot!
; hey i just met you, & this is crazy. *
one direction all the way and u know it
“: You get the retweet and the Gold star.”
I can't wait till I see you gurl. Where going to be like white chicks. Lol hahaha
Hide you daughters, hide your wives, Ben is in town.
What is the woman that lead all the BOYS on? A GAME!!!
First try at strawberries. They turned out good I do admit.
bad teeth are SO bad!
Daily GTKY question: For cinema and/or literary entertainment, do you prefer…drama or comedy?
Aye...but still grateful I woke up...somebody somewhere didn't
[New Slide] UC campus graduation rates correlate to that school's funding profile.
It looks to be a fire hose.
Had the opportunity to take a shift at work tomorrow. Decided to take the day off and enjoy the Timbers game instead. For my sanity.
FDA proposes phasing out antibiotics in farm animals
very cool stuff Linda... thanks for sharing.
Technology is amazing! Sitting at the lake and doing business with a company in China... Lovin my new iPhone!
That #Knicks #Celtics game looked like I should have watched it. JR Smith with 25, Steve Novak going 8-10 from 3 and a Trip Dub from melo
hey hope your having a nice day! <3
Hey Ben, I'll be at the SocialTV Summit as well. I work for Mass Relevance. It'd be great to meet and chat! -Derek
starting now in Milwaukee
I love my car!!
glad I am not that guy!
"The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands." -Robert M. Pirsig
Thanks Jeff! Sorry I missed you! RT : , fine, fine work yesterday! Best #BizExpo ever. Onward and upward!
don't mess with my patriots. At least my team is in the super bowl!!! Stinker!
Spinning a 5 and a half foot pole...So much lighter than a 6' >.<
Playing Truth or Dare with Micheal OwnsMyHeart:)
Spurs have a great blend of vets and youth on their team this year. Gonna be a tough out in a 7 game series.
Just copped some Sky Dive & Purple Flow from the smoke shop finna look like this =_= hot they ain't have no OG Sour!!!! Yes!!! Lol
Things are slightly more under control. Thanks for the help. Galleries still need to b rearranged. But that can b done on Mon.
Ok one more day of the "beach gloom" - yeah, we'll have morning clouds over the weekend but the afternoons should be sunny & warmer - enjoy!
Ends will never meet while you're sitting on yours
Alex George's "A Good American" for a sprawling immigrant tale. Deb Olin Unferth's "Revolution" for a quirky memoir.
Literally wakin up, cup in hand ready type
This is not the time to fret about the economy. Stay about your business and keep going after your visions & goals.
i have been here since DAY ONE i am the biggest ICONiac, i will ALWAYS support these boyz i love all of them to death <333
Thanks for adding me!
Sadly, I don't think I'm dedicated enough to distinguish between the teacups!
My headphones are broken! :(
November 2010 HubSpotter of the Month: Karen Rubin
Just finished working out. Now to get working on equality.
"That's what" - She
If you aren't watching live, you are probably living.
What could $102,000,000 do for kids programs? What can YOU really do for NYC borrows? Be creative - don't cut kid's futures
Please tweet your followers to follow me and spread the word about my services. Thanks in advance.
Weird that a hypothetical Y2K stirred more panic here than the actual collapse of Europe's economy is doing now.
you're sick! Get better!!
Great Sunday all the best teams got W's yes!!
Prison doctors forcing Tucson shooter Jared Loughner to take psychiatric meds. His lawyers oppose it. Judge will decide.
I'm the girl sitting at crowbar eating dinner out of a rubbermaid container. A special lady, took the time to make, I have no shame
RT “: Tuesday we extended our agreement w/ IOC so that Paralympics will be in same city as in 2018 & 2020.”
Booing repeal of DADT
After watching them all, Season 1 of 24 is pretty easily the best of them all. Season 8 the worst. Overall just a tremendous series.
Time for work :/
Oh, you post about your one night stands on Facebook/Twitter? Please, tell me more about your family values and strong morals
hey can u follow / #shoutout my friend she seriously needs it and i be helpin too :) thx
Now I want juice, well it's Mott's apple juice or Welch's Grape juice for me. Nothing fancy like yours, but they're still yummy.
It is going to be in the 90s most of the week, with heat indexes of up to 110F! How are you and your family beating the heat this week?
mall with la bumbaaa.
Apparently, I can't record 2 programs and watch a 3rd at the same time. My son says: "You're expecting too much from a crappy cable box."
So much fun shredding the powder up at Stevens tonight... Slowly becoming an addiction!
Ha! I think I've seen her since then.
sometimes you have to take a few steps back so you can leap forward. Stay positive bud!
just saying fridays are lame, don't have to take it personally =P
the website still isnt working. Some get on but only get as far to pick the city they want then it crashes
": It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember."
Sweet home sweet home
Awesome Day! Our new #ecofriendly inks made the plane to Gulu, met some awesome friends & we're stoked 4 concert tomorrow in OC
i love you Taylor :)
Anyone out there as excited about Sunday as us?!
RT Visual Acoustics intro by Jakob Trollback is... Incredible.
Lol sad RT : he'll yea i ain't got no energy tonight
But it turns out making rice krispies treats IS like muscle memory-- comes right back, even if you haven't made them in 20 years.
Personally, I think moving is rather fun. Four countries, two US coasts, and counting. ;-)
never mind
four cups of coffee did little to wake me up although the sound of wind-blown falling tree near the house sure did the trick
What is more dangerous than a nuclear test?.... A North Korean nuclear test.
very nice
Chilling wit my kids
You guys! Captain Von Trapp just won an #Oscar !!
Are you kidding? Racebox is an amazing resource; I want to design a million lessons with it! Nice 2 see u too, digitally!
I kind of love that boy bands are making a comeback.
don't you think needs to be with next Wednesday?
Very cool! The future is tots.
Knock KnockWho's there !Barry !Barry who ?Barry the dead !
Oxtail Poutine at the #Flatiron Truck 2 nite @ LAX. LA food does not suck.
i feel so singled out on this UK and US Directioners thing drama, im glad that other Directions dont have this problem
you will explain this one day....correct?
Excellent session on mobile and TV Everywhere w and #digiday great lineup.
Nicki Minaj awful. Tainted Grammys. 1st she plagerized performance.Madonna already did like a prayer.2nd no talent.3rd what was that trash?
Me? North of Barcelona.
Something is wrong when a child can see the violence in the "Hunger Games" (PG-13), yet they cannot see "Bully" (R) without an adult escort!
Pittsburgh Penguins.. 2013 NHL Stanley Cup Champions. <3 You heard it here first! (; But, good season Pittsburgh!
I've been praying daily. Thanking God. Praying for the health of family, friends, and myself. If you trust him, he'll always show up.
On my way tonight to take part in Fashion Meets Wall Street party in New York. Should be interesting.
working on presentation for SLCC about streaming live eclipse into SL, love idea of 5X5, short and easy!
Ladies, a man that can make you smile, think, & most importantly, consider new possibilities is one you want to keep.
I also noticed one popular shop not carrying any local dance records. They had other labels, but none from this town.
girl nothing at all about to grab some food with my fam. Ain't Memphis in May this weekend??
Getting really excited about the extended worship night with at I need it! Come at 6 and pray with us!
Took me quite a while to get around to it, but god damn is GREEN LANTERN bad.
Rain! Is this some kind of mean joke?
So an atheist and a believer walk into a garden....
31k Project will only be here until Sunday, come see it while you still can!
put on such a good show tonight that I just planned a last minute roadtrip to go see him tmrw in phoenix.
They were delicious! :)
RT : "There is only one moment in time when it is essential to awaken. That moment is now." - Buddha
Today's Flatbread: Pork Tenderloin w/ sun dried tomato, spinach & mozzarella Soups: Creamy Coconut & Celery or RaspberryHazelnut Gazpacho
VCs, deans, profs, entrepreneurs "judging" #lawwithoutwalls projects giving students more tools in 2 days than they get in 3 ys of school
Happy Hearts in a happy house equal a Happy Home!!!
Dear Scouts, Are you shopping? May we suggest:
Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture (Buckhead)
I'm in a ridiculously good mood today :D
Lift him up in prayer, just pray that he finally grows up & gets some sense. LOL
Entertainer of the Year I am always proud of you girl.
"But you have forsaken me and served other gods, so I will no longer save you." Judges 10:13
That's the problem, "risky." we won't sign a Cliff Lee. Too much money. And it isn't just last winter. It's every winter.
Joseph Rockwood alone is guilty of stealing rum and will receive ten lashes upon his bare back at the head of his regiment.
Uh oh, : RT : It's true. We'll accept & at all stores starting Nov. 1! (We already do online.)
I Wanted to try stand up but i am more of a sketch comedy person
": Dear girls, When a boy pauses his video game to text you, marry him. #ihatevideogames #butitmeansalot"
oh yes I did -___-
In LA this week showing the images to Anne Lyden. So exciting to finally see the photographs! Fabulous new work out there! Results June 14th
Letter - Criticism was unjust
Women are now no longer worried just about financial security, but are looking for life experiences and the ability to be themselves
Thanks! RT Jacob , Producer, celebrating his bday on-set at the #WinterMeetings in Orlando.
9days left in high school
thanks for the props! You made my day
RT : Literacy isn't just reading-Competence & knowledge in specific areas, problem solving with tools you have...
I don't want to screw up this world with my ways.
Celebrating 75 years of photography, sculpture, & art, join us while we tour the newest exhibits at the SF MOMA. This Sun (2/7/10) at 5:30pm
Ma'am, all I would like to do is zoom zoom ah zoom zoom... Preferably in your boom boom, with your explicit consent, of course.
Trust me buddy the only thing that bodykit on your grand am is getting you is laughs
That's so sweet!
In 1942,Wartime gasoline rationing went into effect in 17 Eastern states, limiting sales to three gallons a week for non-essential vehicles.
what's the 3 letters?
AUSTIN GETS HIS BRACES OFF TODAY!!!!! I'm on that "proud mother" status right now. :')
Thanks for hanging with us ladies! RT : with my chicky This place is the bestest!!!
Throat's parched. Bout to go to da fridge n' get me a cold pop.
I liked it. He basically turned The Knicks from one of the worst defensive teams in the league to a top-five one.
Appreciate the RT Thanks!
Hi! Who from Cafe des Amis will be at your cooking class?
Mark Zuckerburg Happy B- Day Congrats 2 your Business FaceBook.
No one on speed.. Picks Jeff!! What the hell is that all about!! Go24!!!
Haha well I may try to "partaek in your ausumniss" around New Years :)
He said he gone stop calling me and I said ok
Why is this strawberry milkshake giving me a tummy ache?? =(
¤ The only place where success comes before work is a dictionary. Vidal Sassoon
see you down on the Mall!
That's our kind of story!
Big day tomorrow! Getting new headshots taken!
Hey luvies what's up
Thanks Sierra Club. Gov. still testifying
I wanna settle down, quit bein so flirty.
After class tonight someone told us......"That was so much fun - your energy is infectious." This made us smile ear to ear!! THANK YOU!
thanks for following!
Before this coffee could cool down enough to take the first sip I got this entire second verse down.
My dog ate my copy of the Alinea book! Well the cover...
Baldur's Gate. Need to remember to save.
Thanks for the RT! Hope you get to go!
Take a trip to Montego Bay, Jamaica July 15-21 for Reggae Sumfest and experience the best of both worlds.There is no where else to be.
How's the writing going?
Paul revere
Smoke lovely": Thanks for following!"
thanks for the follow :)
nothing!! Sorry:P
Big Night Out cooking in a suite a
Can't wait to hear speak at ACRL next month!
If you wanna treat, my cookie is vanilla
#ilovewhen she lays on her stomach while suckin my dick as I rub, massage and smack that assplease retweet
Dallas ISD Helps Struggling Black Female Students - NBC Dallas-Fort Worth
It's always better when we're together.
On twitter because no one on FB is getting important info in real time. Thanks for makin' changes suckas! Still on fb. Immediacy is still
did u go to subway and order a sandwich and told them to just dump all the ingredients right in your shorts?
Ellis with a clutch three
Thanks for the interest. However I am no longer managing Tawn P. You should hit her up directly and set that up.
It sometimes seems that we have only to love a thing greatly to get it. ~Robert Collier
Learned Today: Britt, IA has hosted the Natl Hobo Convention for 100+ years. And there they elect the Hobo King.
The only safety video I watch. The finger wag is hilarious. :)
Yeah, I reserve right to decide someone's not being stright & split. Deal, dude. You've decided you are the arbiter of a lot of >
Cant do it .
They had plenty of room to spread out, so they did.
yup, that shit will get you arrested now a days.
I'm mad she don't know where one is
Looks good. Nice job!
yes butt you maybe to far
Nancy got a new job, a new lawyer and a new client base in this week's episode of 'Weeds.'
if you know the Gazette people can you let them know that the June and July issues are missing from their site? Thanks!
Tip #203: Float, merge, stop n go, go n go, 5b light, etc. If you do not know how to do these things properly it's time to find out.
Apple wrote e-mails to a number of music industry executives saying it would soon offer longer samples for songs. Artists are not happy!
on the starting defense, who?
I love it when you listen to a song you've never heard & guess the lyrics. I'm looking at you, Mountain Goats!
A Good one!
Does anyone see the finish line?
I love that cut on erika!!!
thanks! Love u long time.
Shorter: continue to be a punchingbag.": Dear fellow conservatives, let's not join in...don't care if some of the Left started it
It's sad when 3" of snow is a novelty in #Roc on January 30.
#MD House Majority leader says resident making $250k will pay $6.50 a week additional taxes. #Md special session On News4
Your eyes need rest, so make sure you get a good amount of sleep everyday.
I do like it when it rains
He lovin tha crew "* see what i did their "* .*
Just got to commerce casino, about to play some 60-120
Working in and out of the office. The latter Instagramming as CW during Civil War weekend. Whew.
CLO...I <3 it! Thx for following and be sure 2 chk out 4 the latest in marketing, advertising, pr & graphic design!
want a rich chocolate tan or a subtle glow? we can get you ready for shorts & swim suits!
“: hey man! Have a great day!” you too, buddy!
Plan to do something out of the ordinary today?! Share your ideas!
horny q
Watching footage from our archives on the flat-panel monitor at the new Merrie Way National Park Service visitor center.
oh really? idk brah, i dont think i can take your word for it...i wanna see if it's true (;
TONIGHT - PRINT TICKET OUT ( BELOW) SAVE $5 and SEE BRENDON WILLING JAMES and SAINT JOHN!!
hey, I have that camera!
Witnessing the magic of apple tv.
Less than an hour of 2011 left.. I really liked this year...
wow. thanks pal!
Buried in work! I will emerge next week, LOL
You'll be the developer wearing a white carnation, right?
Wild first half in Waco!!
haha I really wanna find a white blazer
Condescending Wonka on Twitter...in Yiddish?
Question of the day: What's your favorite accessory for Spring?
They normally say 8-10 weeks for a Sat. They told me May 5 was booked 2 months ago. Was hoping to make it my graduation dinner.
yay! What did u learn?
Hold on stop Wait a min Pause
care to elaborate?
: Haha. So true!
Prayer: Lord stir us in our faith, we've been stirred in our emotions. Stir us to where our conversation adjusts & perspective shifts.
u think that the retirement of b roy hurts or harms the team.
New From Laura Mercier
nothing really
RT Wow… #ididnotreport - check it out
A relationship like a maze find your way out of it
she will be doomed to have every birthday party in a donut shop for the rest of her life.
I'm eating some chicken thingy.
RT this tweet for a chance to win a $25 gift card to a broad ripple bar of your choice
just spilled coffee all over my favorite jeans
Jose!!! Trip-trip-triple!!!
We are live #coming to you w new info trial. #WHERE THE #FUCK IS HES #protesters?
Excited to podcast on healing arts in cultural organizing w/ today. Love to all Zilphia family: past, present, future!
THEY TOOK ME OFF THE TOUR 4 BULLSHIT REASONS!!!! I AIN'T TRIP W/ NOBODY!!!! WTF????
your welcome <3
Friends and lovers. Please suggest this sexy page to all of your friends!
spoke against publishing "nonsense" and for "gatekeeping" and even "civilization" (have we heard that word in DH conversations?)
Damn right.
What's up with the whole spoon full of cinnamon...
All nighter #2. Someone please save me from pulling my hairs out
For those who forget, when Mitch Daniels was head of the OMB he estimated that the Iraq War would cost $60b max. $800b+ and counting.
Lets knuckle up and guard yo grill cuz its real..
Responded to FIRE @ 167 Post Ave, Westbury, NY 11590. Red Cross auto update.
No problem, have a great weekend!
Thanks, your direct input helps me know what classes students need the most help in.....
Roberto made that point on last 5mTKO & I agreed it's his best role. I think EA or JM will take over CM sometime.
Can I have him!
Make my reservation, table for 3 ... ITS GOING DOWN
RT Old age is no place for sissies. <---so true!! Preach sista!!
derrick+rose+injury
no problem :-)
The #Canucks and Luongo are a laughing stock
What a dummy.
I'm going out of my way to say how awful this new show Whitney is on fox....so bad, how did it even get past a pilot?
God is a comedian, playing to an audience too afraid to laugh
Every WR from around the country is being drafted, including multiple from some schools. Still no Juron Criner?
Having a barbque....Umm Im vegetarian.
still looking for money to make movie... damn film insurance!
And I like my chuck's dirty as fuck.
Anyone have any good Halloween costume ideas?
Having a blast w at cousins quince <U+0001F37B><U+0001F37B>
Wordpress 3.2 released and ready for update. Its faster, lighter and has a revamped admin area. Make sure you take a moment to update.
Just walked around Berlin. Sitting on the bus watching tv waiting for load-in
these cats making noise an (producer). They WANTED in LA, ATL an NYC. Ask A&R Leon
i probably missed 10 questions on staar even though i think i did awesome :/
does that mean your going to bed?! D:
i know it. im so happy right now...
“: No such thing as giving up too much for truly elite QB. If he's not, everyone's getting fired anyway so who cares?” SO TRUE
Poor on so many levels :) But Ms. X has been using it unchanged for, what, 29 years now?
Happy Birthday to fellow #attorney !
no, it's obviously Barajas. “: josh hamilton is straight killin it!! best player in baseball”
ahh geez you're going to make me blush - well we appreciate you taking the time and spending the money.
wow my timeline says the same thing and i love sourpatch kids in general
FOLLOwED HIM
We're now 7 hours and counting from our live #Badgers coverage from Boston on 91.7 FM!
thunderstorm for like the 3rd night in a row :D
I look at the girls you flirt with and think to myself "Why did you leave me for sluts.?"
why? It's fun.
What's done is done. Fuck it
Follow For A Shoutout
great song by manson
I love driving over the Hoan Bridge in the morning.
Nina Dobrev at the Met Gala... no words. Homegirl turned it OUT! Early congrats on all the best-dressed lists she'll make.
If anyone didn't already know, is wonderful.
Seals new CD Soul 2 is out tomorrow and today Heidi & Seal confirm they're separating which is so sad. Interesting timing don't you think??
Thanks for following Harmon Design. Uncustomary Design | Custom Made Best wishes for networking success!
Just left #Lakers locker room, talked w/Gasol and heard from others. Such a contrasting aura from #Nuggets, powerfully confident, yet quiet
#ilvolo let's trend that (;
what movie or shoe is this from?! Cuz I inned to watch it
Better ingredients. Better pizza. *nod* Papa Johns.
Don't forget 2 days it's Relax...it's Monday and weve got open bar for ladies along w/ & spinning
Just did !!
The 5 year old girl next door knocked so loudly on the door, I about fell out of my chair!
Thanks! I've heard that more than once :)
The essence of our business is that all our contacts are pre-screened and maintain impeccable reputations.
Findings: 3 types of service model. DH centers (1 of kind), Dig. Res & Pub services (1st of kind), dig of lib. col.
“: Injury Update: The MRI on revealed a strained abdominal muscle. He is out indefinitely.” <U+0001F630>
of course I do joe!!!!
hey plzz rt if justin bieber is following u !:) thanks$
There's 3 weeks left till graduation and people are getting in relationships.
RT : People keep complaining about airline fees, but keep flying. traffic is up 22% in April
ugh like i'm officially salty now lol
#QuoteoftheDay “If there is no struggle, there is no progress.” -Frederick Douglass
This Takes vs HYBRID match is pretty boring, tbh.
The CHROMA OUTLET STORE will be closed on Monday, January 16, 2012 for Martin Luther King Day.
RT : Video is a must for social media in 2009.
on way to #mobprocconf, feels somehow earlier than my clock says it is
Nope...they had their chance early and couldn't convert.
You going to cry in a corner about it? Will that help(:We can trend whatever we want!.
I know I would! Yeah Kahlua is so sweet, it is easy to get sick on it. But oh man that looks good!
The skies above the OC have turned gray, time to fly home. Have a wonderful Friday everyone!
#20factsaboutme 8. I cracked my head open when I was 3
Guess so. Hope it warns up for ya.
In Stat's defense, it did say "In Case of Emergency, Break Glass" on the extinguisher. Emergency describes in
I mean, obviously, some regression was expected this year. But they look awful way too often. Need some spark.
Love the new photo and landing page. Thx for inspiring. And thanks for the tip on the antispec.com project- I added my support.
You gotta let me know. Should I stay or should I go?
My grading pile is like Gremlins. Think I must have fed after midnight or spilled water on these papers.
We all have 3 choices in life: Give up, Give in, or Give it your all!
yes thanks to you and your mom I am doing great! I owe you both alot!! <3 Hannah
Bad Bitch , Lotta Ass!
Well, how fitting. A win for Mexico on the 5th of May. We're having a party. I wonder if Mario Gutierrez has plans after this...
guess we couldn't catch you -- no idea where to find you (sniff)
if I apply for Denver job. The job posted. I applied the other day. Now let's see if I get it.
Now playing, Los Psychosis from Memphis. At Trinity United Methodist 4001 Speedway
I can't wait to get off work
I think in your free time you should take a drawing class. I hardly recognized you in your photo. (But very clever).
Courage is contagious.
when you coming back to madison wi?
Do styles create silos? cc RT [w/held] to submit MS to JITP I'd have to convert from APA to Chicago style: turn-off
it was the best time of my life, but now I sleep alone. don't don't don't wake me up cause my thrill is gone.
i thought it went well, i fixed the leak, but i just noticed one in a bolt i replaced, need to tighten..hopefully that's all..
ah, thanks for the clarification.
Eisenhower Flea Market got some deals! Martin Logan MLT2 surround sound $600 --regular $1200 --Lmk if u want one
Yeah I know me to i hate favoriting everything
#birthdayshoutout goes out to
Look and you will find it - what is unsought will go undetected. -Sophocles
Dreams are the touchstones of our character. Dream well characters!
You never came to the party and you ruined my life aahhhhh!
To all sophomores our senior prank has to slay and top this one
Google translate doesn't do latin for crap
That's neat.
": New rules will disproportionately affect minorities and underprivileged student-athletes"
RT : crap! I missed it!! Puts "L" on forehead -- #loser. Steve, kick my ass t...
It does have an app. I use it all the time.
some r like that, but u kno not all of us r behaving that way. He may b great. He may not.
Lyotard posited, over 30 years ago, that the closest thing to a metanarrative that remained was efficiency. How does this sound to us now?
well done today!
Here are a few more random bacon facts: 70% of all bacon in the U.S. is eaten at breakfast. Bacon contains vitamin B1, B12, and Zinc.
see you this weekend?
awww thank you! U da best! Xo
last min song writers night in the 'boro
Jeff Halpern and Mike Rupp, now is not the time to get acquainted in such a manner.
If you weeped for the missing sunset,you would miss all the shining stars
It's as if no one knows their cellphones have a goddamn vibrate mode.
Tune in Sept. 17th to watch the Oprah show I was lucky enough to attend. It's BIG!
Burdens of the World on my shoulders: heavy! visibly composed, my emotions buried.
Thanks for the retweet, Valerie!
Congratulations new members!
i wish i was going to a bonfire tonight
Harvey's for my daddy's 52nd bday!
awe thanks hun ^^
That would be pretty sweet lol RT : Can we make sure Chuck Pagano takes Billy Cundiff with him....
Yes please! What's your sched like next week? We should meet after work :)
It's such a good episode. Such a good show. I'm almost on break to watch it too. :D
And Doron Lamb is the 60th player in school history to have 1,000 career points and the 2nd player to do it in a national championship game.
Big time playing by & for the TERPS! Please freaking beat UNC!
Foundations for Marketing Research assignment..
That would be amazing! We've got our team working on it now ;)
Dr. Staubus is up next on principles of pharmacology required in drugged driving cases.
face it yo she looks like a lightskinned nigga RT : ChicagoMadeSean he's tripping. that body & face >> unf
just chillin at this sucky ass after prom. You?
hi guy, can you do me a favour? go follow up my girl she will follow back ! go go go go !<3
Great tasting with Erin & Jean-Louis #Chave. 2009 #Hermitage is fantastic as are the parts to 2010. Now up to #Vonnas for a little dinner...
My early birthday wish would be for to RT this, reply to me or follow me(: either would be great you know since my bday is on wed.
in Bed watching movies!
Are all electronic cigarettes the same? Simply put- No! Can a disposable electronic cigarette compare to a rechargeable one? It's not likely
Just getting off work and I'm super tired but I must get my hair done tonight...Dana I'm on my way!!
I finally know a lot of Spanish!
congratulations to for his 2011 Sheila Motton Book Award!
Been sick, so light #beer flight. Schlafly No. 15 and Schlafly Scotch Ale.
Jimmy Johns>>>>> Subway
Em snapped as usual
I love Pres. Obama's ears. Big ears is a strong trait in my family.
Blue Bell Christmas Cookies Ice Cream = OBSESSED!
Sparkling/Glistening snowflakes.
We're looking at the highest attendance ever for #wcreno tomorrow! Thanks everyone!
suck my dick , ask someone else for bitchass chucks nigga -.-
Heading over to Hawthorne for some good writing lessons! Now, snow, stay away for a little while...
here's to new experiences...
we both do...itll come
u could try ginger tea
sorry, didn't realize you were the stinky bus man.
The fish, now that was a night!! Is Adam on here? Is Adam even alive still?
Awww now that is love, A mans best friend for sure ;)
Congratulations! You deserved to win for Favorite Music Group on the Kids Choice Awards! BTR is so awesome with you dude!
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
whats the point of lying? it doesn't get you anywhere. it just makes it harder for yourself.
#retweet ~> : Just 2 more and we are at 100 followers.....pls RT and ask your followers to follow us and
i would totally hang out with you, but Nirvana
G.M.N.I.: I just want to see my moms w/ everything she deserves before I leave this earth. It's one of my few dreams.
Wait, it just got good. Person yelling on phone. "But, Chris we don't need to buy those."
4 hours to #WineRev! If you're hitting up Winefest today, make sure you use the hashtag.
GIGO = Garbage In Garbage Out. On the mic, if you spit fire you get fire. Otherwise...
Lakers and rangers tonight!!! Good luck!!!!
Today is Haiti's second anniversary of 7.0 earthquake. Still close to a million Haitians live in tents.
oh so YOUR one of those grudge holders from last year lol its aiyt bro. I understand <U+0001F602>
she was mentioning she didn't get it. Message her on FB?
Thanks Sarah! Have fun and good luck in Australia!
My pussy is hot!!!!
Stay Strong & Love Is Louder Than The Pressure To Be Perfect. That's my inspiration right there!
The Black Keys are playing right this moment...AND I AM SITTING ON MY ASS...eh, it's too cold to be at Cochella anyways
Narf! Be sure to Follow for your SpongeBob news and random funny and interesting quotes! I'm still laughing!!
The font “Sans-serif” had several names in the past. Some of which are Egyptian, Antique, Grotesque, Doric, Heiti, Lineale, and Simplices
I choose 1215 ( magma carta), 1588 (defeat of Spanish Armada) and the year beginning the Industrial Revolution (varies).
Heart Breaking watching people let their power go.. But it all comes together when the child grows....
- what can the Grizzlies do to move up the West standings while we wait for Z-Bo to return?
Taco Bell got this new Dorito Taco
The Ghost Inside's new record is so insanely good. Feels like a record for those who've spent a decade in pits & still won't quit.
Earn income by sharing a product everyone can use. You’re not selling SKINNY. You’re creating HEALTHY LIFESTYLES each day. ‘Go Green’ at...
China needs 8% growth rate to outpace population growth (40mn PA) + avoid social collapse, EU very NB as is US who owe them $3tr.
happy birthday
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring. ~Rog ...
"He who walks in silence quarrels with nobody" Swahili Proverb...
slacking on my following back! sorry twitter i still love ya :) busy weekend ahead of me! & may is gunna be crazy! so much to do!
Donald Driver & his dance partner have new t-shirts to help get your vote! Check them out coming up on
I forgot that song by Hot Chelle Rae called I Like To Dance. I feel cool cause I haven't heard it in so long. :p
Looks like I may have an extra room to Moon Palace in Cancun for 6 days, 5 nights in August for $599 a person. If interested, DM me.
RADIO JOB POSTING: Awesome Coastal Top 50 market looking for Hot AC Middays/imaging. Send demo/resume 2 !
come on, Kila!
I'd hug you all day if you'd let me.
is the winner of Nov 9th's Question of The Day recieves 2 entries into the end of the month free bat drawing!
you do this a few times a year right? It is a great goal!
Did Ke$ha really say she liked your beard?
I love you too. :)
can't waiiitt
I think it's adorable when Guys are scared to talk to you because they secretly like you.<3 But some guys need to grow a pair c;
Talk that dress rite up off her body !!
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another.-- James Matthew Barrie
So I thought this morning while skipping every song in my mp3 "why don't I have any alice in chains or nirvana?"
We got this
S/O to my new followers. Got it IN at the BASEMENT last night
I want a Dairy Queen vanilla milkshake 0_o
I didn't think it was possible to find announcers more annoying than Buck & Aikman or the MNF crew. I was wrong.
well thanks (:
Presently thinking of ur a** ;);) **Squeeze** iWant
Thank you! I passed this along. Some of these schools were surprises.
- an awesome day! Thanks. We loved watching the rays get fed and seeing the dolphins. Great lunch in the cafe too!
cannons being launched straight into the tornado :)
We also poison Oak trees in Auburn
good season to be suspended tho....dont have a QB
Hopefully the Jeat can't keep this up
Re-reading Dickens ... is it me, or is Great Expectations funny? Mrs. Joe would not get a Mother's Day card!
Was asked tonight if my work is a real job or if I'm "just gathering experience." I'm not in jail so I must have reacted well.
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM CINCINNATI! LADIES FREE TILL 11 $10 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN
three times today! 10 hour workday + 3.5 hour rehearsal will do that to you. Thanks for the pick me ups!
Apearantly my good friend ashley toms life is a story bitch.....add her on facebook
Wanna get your product in front of over 400 young Columbus active co-eds? Red Bull did it last year. DM me.
no how is it?
The dreads are going in! Let's hope they stay... with
Tell someone how much you love them and that they matter today.
is in Arkansas for conference. Only race today is the 3000m at 6:45pm (central time.)
Yes, any period. I'm asking the #twitterstorians so that I pick up on stuff I wouldn't necessarily hear about.
Float will be there. We are hosting our own Symposium as part of it Techweek Conference + Expo 2012 - A week long festival of technology in…
baby stay in school..
and you didn't invite me over! :O
I'm so glad its Monday :)
not a sucker free city
behalf if that's ok! ??? How was Easter Sunday?
the diva crew will be working out with u today at the Honda event. Can't wait!
I must be a little bit insane. Part of my lunch included a Hillel Sandwich. And I enjoyed it.
On My Mind, All Day, Angle Angle (new), and Not Just You :)
Hello Jill, how do I access the bad blog about me? I'm curious to see it. Stellamae
Kudos to all the sponsors , BJ Market and Pastor Pfleger for feeding 2,050 in Auburn Gresham community! Wow... great job people!
Omg you guys were amazing ! I wish i could dance like you two ! :] xx
Just unboxed my #Nokia Lumina 900 (Black). This #Windows #mobile device may be the phone that supplants my Galaxy Nexus!
At dah end of dah day i have no onee but my self .
haha that's ok I forgive you :P
Congrats- Allen Carpenter & Merilyn Fuller 4 winning Justin Bieber tixs on RoseQuarter.com! Enter-2-Win Jimmy Buffett & Celtic Woman tixs!
Codeathons rapidly accelerate development time, reduce costs, and give more varied solutions to a single problem.
Haha that is true!
damn bored as shit, need someone to talk to
back from collaborating on new Bobby Womack project in London w/ Damon Albarn & Richard Russell (XL records) w/ guest spot by Lana Del Rey
Meant to be going to Zayn Malik's hometown on Friday :) .. Happy Happy Happy ... Anyways Hey YOU BEAUTIFUL Mahomies <3 ~Leanne<21
Come back?
Bet you didn't know this: Today is "Sneak a Zuccini onto your neighbor's porch" day - started because a guy grew too much so he gave it away
It wasn't a white VW Westfalia was it? If so, sorry!
Yep, I am absolutely convinced that 2011 is the right time to launch a Black Innovation and Competitiveness Initiative.
....hey babe. Miss u much.
yes it is
doing good and we missed u too girl we use to have fun time with you and I really dont know inshallah this summer hopefully
NEEAR project: interesting learning tool, combining situated learning + augmented reality + expert knowledge, in a mobile device.
Gotta make some business changes...SOON www.therealchrisfaith.com
because when you live in those boundaries, you start to say, okay, life, it's on. let's make this happen.
Define a serious offer.
Tonights prophetic exersize was wonderful! God showed up and ministeted to the hearts of those who sought Him.
that would have happened no matter what!
RT : Having #ADHD is like...writing out your daily routine every day, only to forget/lose it overnight, and start over again.
Let me know when my check's ready RT Just got spammed to get "free twitter followers." I didn't realize I was paying for the rest
“As a poet, there is only one political duty, and that is to defend one's language from corruption.” - W.H. Auden
Focus on the next play, because you can't change the past. But you can make the next play the best play of your career.
Looks like that late mock draft surge for Carolina had it right
you pick :D
My mom just admitted she puts on my cd in the car, even when I'm not in it. I taught her well. She's singing with me now. :)
You're all kinds of awesome. Thanks!!!
they got cells/BunkBeds/Bars exactly like the holocaust there saying there will be a new genoside! Its trippy AF man
Jon Ippolito on using OS X's "Classic Environment" (OS 9 emulator): "What the heck is this? Who care's, it'll run HyperCard"
When a person's car alarm keeps going off in the middle of the night or before it's time for me to wake up <U+0001F621><U+0001F621><U+0001F621>
im' studying for finals already?
Appreciate the Shoutout! :)
Aw thank you!
He'll never know how much those few words meant to me.
lol you actually found your brain?
Hahahahaha. Bulls miss 4 free throws in a row to ice it. NY ties on a tree.
Look forward to having you!! RT Checking out tonight!
we do that for sure!
yes vanessa =NYU, Jimmy = uconn law, Jenn = southwestern law school in LA, great for entertainment law
me to
thanks for the awesome signature ! You guys where amazing!
I think I know why ;p haha
Putting together an 8 page study guide and flash cards in 3.5 hrs and not retaining any of this information
had a great night with my baby last night *crosses fingers to be pregnant* made bbq chicken & watched movies I love my Rupoo <U+2665>
thanks, I'll get to you on that real soon
He looks better as #34 in green and yellow - you looked good in those colors too! Miss u guys :( #206 RT : Big shot Ray Allen
I'm bringing all the drama.
Wtf do yall be saying in ur tweets???? Proofread ur tweet before you send it..
I'm NEVER lending out hair ties again. I never get them back.
Got a new web site you want spidered? Submitting through Google’s regular submission form can take weeks
Today is a perfect day to bake a cake and spread some joy.
There is a Yellow Pages at my door, it should be renamed dinosaur
we need you to fight Anderson next cause you would have make it exciting I hope Dana gives us fans what we want
Ohmygod. I just died. My brother managed to get Europe & Russia confused on a map.
My heart goes out to you!
BOUT TO HEAD OUT TO COCO LOUNGE!!!!
Texas was a good win for Pack (I'm an FSU fan)
Patrick I never said that. I thought it, but never said it...I swear.
better not :)
yes ma'am:) night.!
how'd the article come out??
There is a very easy way to return from a casino with a small fortune: go there with a large one
Christina Hendricks, this ramone lady on might be your future.
You welcome:)
I'm on the team.
Thank you <U+0001F618> ": Happy Mothers day ”
Kind of like MTV
It was poppin in OTR tonight! Beads were flying out to the full house at Motr! Happy Mardi Gras!
business trip or pleasure?
“: don't be nervous. I'll press my button for you. I think you could make it big someday!”
Electoral process - from st8 voter suppression to CitUnited to media as major actor - is a gross distortion of democracy. Atbest.
Anyone plan on being in Soho this weekend? You should stop by the store!
Reminder: There is no regular mail delivery today. It's Veteran's Day.
If your thinking is sloppy, your business will be sloppy. Should you be disorganised, your business would be disorganised.
everyone needs that one good best friend im blessed to have mine <3
I'm specifically gonna' miss 's short ass, and making me laugh. <- SO YOU KNOW IT'S REAL!
& who showed you that song? :p
hope you had fun. We're weird.
Are you forgetting what Bron did to the Pistons in the 2007 playoffs? You seem to never want to mention that. Its only fair
Fuck a blackberry
We both *clink glasses* No doubt
I want all of him or none of him
Thanks for the mention!
I swear people need oscars now and days the way they playin roles
I love it! I just hate when random American made movies set in the middle of Europe everyone has a British accent. Why?!
RT : #wearing blk/pink/tangerine (not too) minidress, blush patent pumps, vintage jewels (MIL, mom-mom, H)
Welcome ! Nice to Tweet you!
it took me all day to understand what 's tweet meant.
Its truly amazing what happens when you let go of all the negativity & drama, your days become so much better & easier
yeah lost the gay vote and those of us ind that support gay marriage. Don't be afraid paranoid and delusional.
Great tweets coming from #najds! Thanks
great story. Always good to see positive things happening in bmore.
Voter irregularities are already being reported in Jefferson County. Sigh.
Why do people look at you like your so different...
Awesome! Will check it out!
Shooting was great my last day on GABRIEL. Now, I'm looking for the next gig. Any ideas?
Having an egg roll in the middle of the night cuz YOLO
1 c Low Fat Plain Yogurt ½ c Blueberries ½ c Strawberries ½ c Low Fat granola Or ½ c Oatmeal ½ c Blueberries 2 egg whites
Is signing off and headed to bed: check the show tomorrow!!!!
Where are you going?!
Nate is cute.:)<U+2665>
Penny Stock lovers I really see " LUSI.OB " really taking off this week. get it NOW
I've never heard silence quite this loud.<3
show an ol frail bitch some love...fucks with me childs....
Yay to the SmallGirls! We will figure this crazy GS timing out soon!
Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense. - Gertrude Stein
Yeah Betty!
oh goodness, there's no way we can do all that or will be allowed to
If you know you bad, don't need no man, got your own brands put up yo hands, IF YOU A TOP KNOTCH BITCH, Lemme hear ya holler! ;)
Welcome to the most current Housing Trends eNewsletter. This eNewsletter is specially designed for you, with national and local housing inf
Okay, I thought my kids could sleep anywhere :)
Hate waking up sore sucks
we love you.
Can we please have shameik Moore down hear on the #1 station 4 hip hop and R&B PLEASE
AP: NC voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman.
Nice overthrow by Wilson
I cannot wait to FEEL the bingo with Tim tonight. Awh yeah that felt so good.
Thanks for the follow guys! You do rock!
For DC Jazz events Follow Us, This Month Heidi Martin Live
1st or last. hate the 2nd one
#SmackDown dream match The Corre vs The New Nexus
I didn't have shit last year around this time
I sawn with the dolphins in Atlantis and it was one of the coolest experiences I've ever experienced. I highly recommend it.
I just stole a hair tie from your office. It's the Ponytail Hour.
Spending time with my sweet Mama!! #lovinit#
I think Kenneth Branagh is going to win an Oscar for "My Week With Marilyn." See this film asap!
Only the music can save me.
": Just finished playin "Hedbanz" & "Taboo" .."/bring me.my games
I've been good and u?
Headed over to the track today. Do you have any Derby picks for us? Mamma needs a new pair of shoes.
A busy week in #Fishers. Lot's of good things happening!
RT : The safest way to use the internet is to assume that EVERYTHING you post online is public knowledge. Everything.
we ( ) definitely missed you in the office today!
I guess you type cakin lol
you crack me up girl! You are accepting personal discomfort because "perlz" do. I have this visual of u getting slimed!
hey Frankie what's up? I'm so bored... :(
“: The Mom next to me is teaching her kids about sex by placing french fries in different sexual positions”
Working on a new foldout map of luxury goods in Manhattan for the Look forward to showing you once its published.
you failed to mention that you gave up Matt Stafford too
new rule my LA Galaxy Jerseys will only be worn in LA.
its cool i got the cab drivers # so now nigga go to sleep punk...
We love this! It's Minnesota. :)
for some reason, you look like Rihanna in your avi cousin... :)
That twitter beef crapp it's fucking hilarious <U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602><U+0001F602>
turn the page. wash your hands. repeat.
My last tweet was an insider.. *continues to laugh*
Separate yourself from the competition w/a powerful resume that is LinkedIn ready. Free resume critique
Online right now. Lake Shrine has mediation services on Sunday mornings- look into it. I've gone.
That's actually a good question I hope they'll answer it in their next interviewEveryone's curious
3of4 beers left outdoors on my back porch survived the recent blizzards 3 microbrews and 1 pale ale slushie is such good Wednesday night!
follow me and ill follow you back
the party goes until 10pm. Let us know if you can make it! :)
#Tshirts any color, with a 2 color full front print, starting at just $4.25. We serve
The #223project exhibit has moved to the Leavey lobby — check it out today!
In swank ass Lincoln Park, sleeping on strangers furniture! Only known them a few hours, but I love to smoke fine cigars and expensive beer
I have the perfect playlist. Just one track, called "The Soothing Sounds of Silence." Sounds like me snoring. ;-)
Taco bell in my system chill mode for the night
all three
that's fine. Perry is bigger and faster then Matthews I'll take it. Hockey guy stick to hockey. Football ain't your thing
Its so wrong. Of all the things to happen and the timing..ugh this sux
Muahahaha! Its my season now!
Great meeting last Friday with potential client. We discussed: How can #socialmedia be used to both educate a community and transform it?
No problem! Way to help #VA residents #VAlueYourPower!
Rocky Horror was awesome tonight!
Fucking Heath Bell
Anyone know if the make Fine China Sporks?
listening to Deadmau5 - "Not exactly".. love those beats!
Dear Syracuse: It is too hot. Please fix. Thanks. Love, Suzy.
not the indoor soccer I play!
Sorry to hear that....we'll follow up with you.
its official I am the new Mrs. Washington Black Globe International 2011 & will be competing in the Bahamas in for the big one
S/O to for giving me his jacket because I dressed inappropriately for the weather.
eek! I must still be on island time, totally leaving 20min late to pick up my kids from school! OOPSIES!
thank you!
I'm amazing! How about you?
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Stay thirst my friends.
did you see 's keek? Omg i feel so bad for her!!
nobody is a better artist than me ;)) -Confidence
Remote Start on your VW: Warm up your engine in the morning or cool off the interior before you head out. Pure awesomeness.
wow! That's awesome! How many screens is that total?
Thanks, Fucky, now I have Rick Ross in my head. I mean his song "Like A Boss" NOT him shirtless.
western half of US
hunger games movie!!!! Ah who is in it?!
follow back? :)
or are you like a tiny buddha...covered in hair?
We're having gorgeous weather (Sunny and 70) in Newport News, VA! How's the weather in your neck of the woods?
thank you!
: that's not a happy event to attend.
Did I mention I was coaching at the MET this afternoon? : )
nobody asked me to go thts ok though
is blowing up. Must follow #Packers fans.
#increase #bonus #lastcarpayment #2daysoff this week couldn't get any better ;)
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight to support us and President Pasquerella!
Music is the universal language of the world.
at least it's not Smallwood lol
Females got the game fuck up " did u miss me " we only talk like twice like wtf smh
Oxy Mo: Audio visual
What! You miss me, how could it happen?
bring that strawberry shortcake to Gallery Place and I'll be there! Look forward to it all year!
The front #lawns of eight houses have the cooling effect of about 70 tons of
You give me mixed signals. What should I do.
I wish I was whataburger... because you really like it. ;p
Chunk! No, Captain Chunk! <U+2665>
Got to get out of here. #ChamaDrama meets
it's in Middleton. I went there last weekend. Check out my pictures on facebook under mobile uploads!
i cant spell lol
Damn at least ask if you are goin to bring someone to my house and on top of that an asshole who doesn't pass the blunt.
NE DC. The Shuttle made 4 loops around the District.
Thanks for the follow - sending eco-friendly hugs your way!
Traci Lords needs a musical comeback. 2000 fires?
It's definitely better lol. RT : I never fucked with direct deposit but they say it's better then a live check.
Thx! Trying to work on my twitter skills. Now...getting ready to enjoy day two of no kids no hubby no work! :)
Discuss. RT : Get over the physical! BE FREE!
I'm following you bitches! X
Test tweet - Hi fellow museum lovers!
"I like the way you work it" w/
we think Kyle Kolich started strong. Cross fit profits from the publicity.
yeah i got a weak stomach, thats why i dont drink much
RT : Push back...what is different about pbl today? I know...I'm hungry
One of the hardest things in life is figuring out the difference between friendship and love.
It's that time for Fantasy Football! Book your draft party at FOX Sports Grill this year. Contact Jen at 480-368-0369.
Wow.do I feel like complete shit right now
omg that was so fucking funny im dying. otgmfdizol mvnzndjhf
pretty good yourself? I think you pulled into the neighborhood behind me the other night haha
I followed !!!
don't hate the player, hate the train! OH!!!!
#SWB12 The energy here is insane! GO GO GO! Can't wait to see the presentations!
Good Morning! TGIF
Thanks for the support , , & Continue following .
Lol I'm running and I don't think I can stop. May I should take a break???
installing Maya on my mac, damn now I need a six pack.
Love the movies but hate the Oscars (as we all do). Do the right thing! Don't watch!! Go out and see a movie instead.
We're teaching our first class today! YIPEE!!
Isn't technology awesome? :)
Watching my cats fight for space in front of the fire
LET'S GO MIAMI HEAT WE NEED 2 WIN
tatted your name so you know its real baby ;)
Your next pic should be Han Solo. Close enough of a resemblance.
Hold on I'm puking right now! lol. I'd love to have you train at my gym! Let's do this! Hit me up a week before you get in!
& Are carving up some awesome Ice Sculptures
We'll be shooting a documentary about Fried Nothing's first live tour in May! Debating on how to release it. DVD? Online? Theaters? Choices.
Lost all of my contact, so text me.
I think it's about time for #BennyBenBenBenerson to get and stay hot.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways feel what i feel, and give me his arms when i really need.
It's crazy how people are always expecting others to do things for them when you should take initiative & start doing things for yourself!
Can any of my friends help me out with making copies.... My HP printer can't handle what I need to do...
I just love when your into something and when you tell one of your "friends" about it, their all of a sudden into to it too.
hopefully the #Mariners can eventually sign or find some protection behind Montero.
That image is wonderful. Looks like an extra from Field of Dreams.
OMG! Forever smiling! <3 thank you! How do dogs say thank you?
please listen to Wanted You More by Lady Antebellum. It'd be a great song to do..if we can. Haha
YOU are in serious trouble! She is GORGEOUS and apparently HAS YOUR NUMBER!!!! : )
Fastest tweeter in town RT : Storm fumble... 1st down Command...
I swear if one more person calls me out for being the only person in the world without an iphone......
The lady at the ticket booth said "what time would you like it?" In a sexy voice & I hella started laughing xD
can you let me move in with you so i can see what its like to live in the uk?
Ok, i'm safe.....that was too fucking close.
Put a pizza in the oven - went back for it 30min later and noticed I forgot to turn on the oven....lol
oh yeah I also will eat at salmonella n thangs. Their chicken carpaccio is the best with homemade kombucha.
Don't know any rap, sorry. I don't know what you are talking about.
Keep your diet in check this weekend: allow yourself to splurge on one thing, but set a limit and hold yourself accountable!
office? really? I'm getting TextMate for sure.
you're gonna live tomorrow, if you don't die today.
#aaa2010 New goal: to coin a term.
agree, not enough time! Next year I'll stay longer. Missing you too sexy mama!
We would be happy to help you. Please call 800.311.5656 and press 1 for support.
*turns music down but gives you the evilest of eyes*
It's almost time for the holiest day of the year in American Capitalism....Black Friday...
Right, im tired. Goodnight :)
I was too late to that party, carter.
Some chick jumped into the bullpen today trying to kiss Papelbon.
It has been a loooonnnngggg day. Praying tomorrow isn't the same way <U+0001F64F><U+0001F64F><U+0001F64F> Be blessed guys. GN!!!
haha n'aww miss you too & yeahbuddyy you already know(; x
Icy hot me down!...But really just on my right calf. And right shoulder blade.
New R&B mix coming soon
S/O to xo
Query: When Ke$a talks about boys who look like Mick Jagger, is she talking about Jagger now or Jagger 30 years ago? Asking for a friend
Ten Years! An Amazing Ride! Goodbye Harry Potter...
10 people away from 800 followers! Retweet this and youre awesome :D
thank you! will do :) Trying to decide between two dresses currently
With all this smoke in the air today, Metro Eye has eyedrops to protect your eyes from the haze. Stop in!
Better I was signed by a hollywood agent yesterday
During times like these, the best advice is in the music.
“: Looking do a story for our site. Let's set something up #LaFoodie #LA”
Just made vegan Indian food and stuffed peppers! Yummy!
An incorrect description. It was an independent PAC. Unfortunately, the candidates have no control over these.
Stay tuned...we're giving away 10 sets of tickets shortly!
We are releasing Changing Priorities official music video tomorrow night!! RT and stop by our FB page to listen to the new jams!!RT RT!!
"Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that something inside them was superior to circumstances."
music ,music
Apparently #MIXTAPE #1 is in stores a week early? Of course I'm the last to find this out - I'm only the
Have you read my last mess?? Ughh then something must be wrong with your memory if you have..
There's gotta be someone out there that treats me the way I deserve...
Have fun with the gridlock guys. NYC will be a zoo today.
I question whether hard work is really rewarding when it involves physical labor.
serious bummer!
I thought the same thing, but it lets you modify your pics to look way cooler
: Be eliminated by a lottery team.
ah nice! uk knows what's up.
Can't sleep o:
My name's "World Peace"...... right
Hahahaha RT : "Klout believes you are influential about Prom." Why why why why WHY does Klout believe I'm influential about P...
Hay! See how long it took me to respond! This is sad. There has to be a work/life twitter balance in my future.
No its okay. It's not I want to talk to you.
Girl! I did cry a little! LOL, my eyes were definitely watering! SO EXCITED! Are you planning on going to Vancouver, too?
Does Eli have two speeds, Amazing or crappy?
Get up. Get cute. Get out there! - NSD, Kimberly Copeland
have fun watching. Unfortunately the time diff isn't in my favor, because I am still at the office and can't watch the game..
Spicy FDLC debate: courses with anytime entrance/exit. Very dubious.
i love it when you find a band/artist that no-one knows about
Yaul two bout funny as shit good to see yaul tonight being all happy like
On today's SAT Q of the D, just choose your own words for the blank and then look for the choices that match.
So excited for Raw tonight! Forget wearing a suit to work today I will proudly wear my shirt thru all my meetings
Adele is sick and had to cancel her Minneapolis show which worries me because I have tickets to see her Sunday in Utah... PLEASE GET BETTER!
Remember, eprom is playing crisp tonight!
that's unhealthy! GO SLEEP!
#First20SongsOnShuffle #3 Champagne Showers by LMFAO... We light it up every hour xD
omg I'm so sorry. She's in my prayers. What happened?
Chief Meteorologist Tom Sorrels joining us this morning. And lots of events to talk about. Who's going to the Leesburg Bike Fest?
A little of column A, a little of column B. There's probably a way to do it less disruptively with a headset and a hushed voice.
Don't buy a gun. Guy shot himself on 's show, so don't buy guns. Also never buy me a lighter. Trust me, never.
installing a server in Valdosta!
Tony Madruga, Louis Faife, Paquito D'Rivera AND ELLIS MARSALIS last night!!! More today on the National Mall - hope to see you out there!!!
We are doing free ticket give aways to our home show December 9th! Keep checking our Facebook and twitter the next few hours! [RT PLEASE!]
I'm to tired.
Okay... #nbcsmash -1, #getglue - 0 ...Methinks I'm at the end of my social media site joining...
dude...is that the "Big Tree"?
Dolphin with my niggas
oh my gosh I totally cringed and feel for you. Puzzles are my favorite and I can't imagine not being able to totally finish.
eager for you guys to open, waiting for you for so so so long to come to Colorado!
I love this!!
aw :( i know how it feels....except the shaving part. lol
Actionscript Edit On Flash | Freelance Jobs
Still @ wk guess I'm forced to watch All Star game on my phone
our child dev. binders aren't due til Friday, right?
what's good homie
Excellent. Yeah, man, come on down. It's the always-exciting Blake Beaven on the bump but should be a gorgeous night.
Happy Halloween Tweet Ghost Riders!!! Get 1000 Business Cards $39.99!!! Call today for more info 720-542-6105!
Meanwhile the Kicks are giving the Heat about as much resistance as a warm stick of butter.
I just dropped the hot sauce down the stairs...
Haha! Oh are you?!
Ladd, prayers for your Dad..
Me, too. “: 39 hours to the triumphant return of Parentness. I will be under silver chains in the basement until then.”
Thank you for being such a fan, Frank. Hope we'll see you again soon!
Very proud to be a member of
": Green Bay 45, Detroit 41. Your Green Bay Packers are 15-1, the most wins in team history. Happy New Year. #gopack" Happy 2012! NP
Not a restaurant! I'm semi-retired, chef-wise, so it's envisioned as a pop-up dinner series. Less overhead & stress. :)
yeah mine's pretty bad. it stayed at 1,382 for like 2 weeks and then it just went down. and it's weird too because
#teamtexans peyton wants to play for texans your takes in peyton Johnson foster mix up and peyton seeking revenge when he is released from
11 more pages to actually write then its just putting things together :) 23 page paper in the bag!
im getting sleepy
Lets go
Girls who complain about people watching NBA are 9/10 single and know how I feel when you fucks talk about Bad Girls Club or Jersey Shore
Hey Bryan. Thanks for the follow. I look forward to hearing from you & reading your tweets.
PEAK STATE!
": If you drink enough, your brain starts photoshopping people."
I see a baby boy in ur future! Relax don't try so hard-let go IT WILL HAPPEN! I've been right twice so far! lol... :)
A marine stabbed to death on Barracks Row here in DC. Police believe they know who the killer is. reports live on News4
lol. Check it out and let me know what you think. :)
Her presentation feels like a comedy sketch. Great info w/ humor. Audience laughing every 10 seconds
Boston Celtics: as awful as being on a cruise ship when the Titanic theme is playing. :) LAKER NATION
Oh crap, we’re not dead. I guess Asteroid 2005 YU55 just went past and we don’t get to live in a world with Thundarr the Barbarian.
Crap. Something is wrong with my cell phone. Its just that...your numbers not in it.
Big Money,Big Dreams, & Beats Of Life
So ready for this day to end
The man has no filter.
Oy - you are so right; we stand corrected. We clearly didn't have enough coffee before posting this AM!
Hope everyone had a good weekend and that March has treated you well!
I will when I get home and pack!!
MY BIRTHDAY IS IN 13 DAYS. can I get a happy early birthday? hahahahah. (:
blech. ...come on November, you need to cool the fuck off!
Golf is so boring.
Alright, maybe I will Be Renewed!
hey what's up
I am not a Selena Gomez fan, but some of the people out there need to relax, it doesnt matter if Justin tweets her a happy birthday!
Player goes on the field. Field is wet and slippery. Player gets a Yellow Card. Pretty much sums up the #SKCvsCHI game with
love you -
Lots of events to look forward to next week! In the US, Boston's #cable12 -- & in Dublin,
Sit Toney's bum ass down.
Love Selena. Makes Me Cry A Little Everytime I Watch. Great Movie.
how can anyone hate Outkast? I don't hate cats but they make my eyes puffy and my nose sneezy :(
Now I just have to buy a new otter box because I lost my other one!! :(
Good morning tweeps.
Outside views are important and necessary.
Tip of the Day: Schedule regular dental visits for family checkups, periodontal evaluations and cleanings.
you don't have any ladies sizes or I would! U should consider doing some 'print to order' ones in ladies sizes.
Wait, thats how it is in my life. Isn't that how your life is?
please follow and let her know that i sent yuuuuuuu thanks girl
Failures are the tuition you pay for success. When you have a setback, choose to react positively and learn something.
when don't you want to want to go to a "sketchy strip club"? Haha
well I mean that's not completely inaccurate.....
RT the snackers’ credo says it’s okay to “tide yourself over” while embracing the fact that you’re not really hungry.
#gb2 time to take down the #pats!
wow i feel the same way,
Nah, Barney, when we come for your bluesteel penis extension, we're bringing tanks and armored cars. Got any of those, JimBob?
you are blowing my mind
I look at you, see how happy you are now, think about how we used to be... and fall apart.
besides any fan that cheers for anyone but Houston is no friend of mine. LA is rubbish and so are their fans&players
what happened to you bro?
I'm going with books....oh and parenting
my tongue is still kinda blue.
RT “: About to watch FSU game vs. Cincinnati only time I'm going to say this cuz of #GONOLES”
Chrontendo 44 was way better than the Brewer game, btw. Nice gameboy retrospective, River City Ransom, Holy Diver, and Taboo.
great tweet sam - thx for sharing! i always learn so much from your posts & tweets.
Don't worry. Chicken broth is America's miso soup.
where should I start looking for auditions? Any tip on how to find agents/managers would be great.
System of teacher as facilitator/mentor enables child to flourish: 5th grader finished calculus w/Khan academy videos (3 hrs/night)
I will be looking forward to the kazoo solo in STL!
Then again, they're gonna attract even MORE band sluts... that you're gonna have to get rid of. ;)
I mean I lol'd
I love him more than he knows when I'm not with him it's heart breaking yet I still feel whole and when I see his face I feel like I glow(:
Feeling blue. =(
Your why I'm moving to florida.
Keep reading! The important thing is to enjoy!
My office is health-conscious but can't say no to sweets. Thus, we end up w/ donut scraps that have been cut in half about 8 times.
witnessed "last chance" morph into "last dance"
The Silk Tie likes Jason!
hell ya perez!!
I don’t feel like I should have to defend Andrew Kliman, who wrote a polemic against David Graeber and “Graeberism”. I have two critiques of it, but they are minor: 1) I do think Dr. Kliman should actually be tougher on the Occupiers if one thinks that Graeber’s philosophy has led to serious problems, and 2) I would want more critique of Graeber’s overall output, instead of the focusing on two interviews.
Q: What about for paper readers?
Top Moments:
I thought I'd have about 15 entrants tops, but to my surprise, I ended up with 30. Never underestimate the power of free cards, my friends.
1/2 cup natural unsweetened cocoa powder (spooned into cup to measure, then leveled)
The problem in listening to customers
As the above picture clearly illustrates, we brewed the beer on a Sunday morning, and many of us had had a late Saturday night. Luckily we had donuts from Acme Donuts, and not much work to do for a lot of the time. Some drinking was done and it was decided that we all really like Green Flash "Rayon Vert", as well as The Commons "Flemish Kiss", both dry hopped, brett-aged belgian pale ales inspired by Orval.
A Carrot Dragonfly Barrette
It doesn't sound like they're talking about zeroing out Windham or eliminating the services, but scaling it back and looking for alternative means to educate inmates, which may or may not turn out to be any cheaper. Cutting education and treatment programming is the wrong approach to cutting prison expenditures: If recidivism increases even a percentage point or two, a prison system already projected to be 10-12,000 beds short by 2013 will even further feel the strain.
"We'll work on it," Ellen promised. "Now, I gotta dash. Lunch was over about 10 minutes ago for me."
But, Coorg is not the only place in Karnataka demanding a separate state. Another prosperous and integral part of the state has been vying for separate statehood.
Grandma had roses, lilies, calamus growing dense in front of the storied house. I helped her step on ants my one trip to Cleveland, the summer I was four. She took me to visit all her friends and made me play “Volga Boatman” on their upright pianos. She gave me a pink seashell and a tiny doll in a handmade red silk dress. She gave me a record she made for me about her father and the fourteen pears.
away down under
Paper: Premium Sticker Stock
Total High Sold: $5535500
This data is also certainly not “a comparison of more direct measurements” as the NASA graph states or an average of the data given as the NOAA source link. It is the pasting of the raw numbers from the most elevated dataset they could find onto the Vostok Ice Core dataset, and presented as if it was some kind of “average”.
Dad is suddenly happy. VERY happy. That’s the guilt trip. Its not the White Lie. Yes, I thought I’ll save them some worry time until I am ready for marriage, but what got me guilt tripped is his excitement. He’s was happy and “Expressing” it! I could feel my insides churn, the first time he asked me something, I lied! Blatantly. With my sister sitting on the next chair, staring at my face, knowing that I lied. I meant no harm. I needed time. I wanted A to be here, settled, I din’t want complications. I had enough. But it was the first day of the new year, here I had so much hope and he made me use a lie, on the lunch table, infront of the family. *doomed*
Now I could go on with the convictions our loving God gave me, but I won't. I don't want too give the whole book away. This is a must read, even if God hasn't brought you a husband yet and even if your husband is not a Christian (she talks about this as well).
It's not my style to point fingers or run down publishing services. I try to review and analyse with a professional eye as best I can. I have highlighted Raider's freshness and innovation over time as much as I have sincerely underlined the deep concerns I now have about Raider in delivering what they claim to deliver. For me, in December, we reached the endgame. It would take some extraordinary turnaround for Adam Salviani to reignite what was once a top-ten publishing service in my eyes. (Raider is now listed no. 40 as of January 2011 in the Self-Publishing Index)
Happy Wednesday hump-day!
We discovered upon writing this letter that our villain wasn’t as smart as his brother, something we hadn’t considered before. Dad buying Roc’s degree with a building at Harvard was nowhere in this character’s back story. It’s a small thing, but when he and his brother are pitted against each other, every bit of smart counts. When this tidbit of information came out, Donald did some research on philanthropists who donated to Harvard, and Roc’s family suddenly became a lot richer than we ever imagined. His father’s character filled out, and even though he plays a background part in the story, we can see the monied attitude of Dad and how it will rub off on Roc, thereby deepening Roc’s character more than we anticipated. Roc, who thinks he deserves to be “The Promised One” will discover that money can’t buy everything, and it can’t buy the most important thing in life … true love.
And despite the fan, the central heating circulation, and the HEPA filter running 24/7, I don't think this is good for me. I'm waking up with a scratchy throat and going through the day with a headache.
I’ve never liked the beer, but I did always find it amazing in bars how people could be persuaded to pay significantly more than the price of a pint for a titchy half-pint bottle.
Needless to say, I use both of them. I could launch into further questioning as to what that little tidbit says about me, but I’ll not do so. For your sakes. My mind automatically commenced the query when I first began this post, so there’s really nothing I can do about it for my sake.
112 Orchard Park Road Lindsay ON
After the First World War, Poland, which had previously been split up between Germany, Austria and Russia, was now reinstated as a nation. At the same time, the future of Upper Silesia was in question. Naturally, both Germany Poland wanted this important mining and industrial area - and those members of the Allies - notably France - who desired above all the weakening of Germany were keen that Poland should have it. There was a plebiscite to decide which nation Upper Silesia should belong to.
Those of you who will be down in Brighton on the weekend for The Great Escape, the band will be playing the Artrocker stage at The Hope on Thursday, starting at 7:45pm. They’re promising rides on this beast after the gig.
For those of you who want to buy non-GMO food now, here is a link to what is currently Non-GMO-Food in your stores:
Best Britax BSTRREDBAG B-Ready Stroller – Red with a Red Diaper Bag Collections
If Craigslist refuses to spend any time and money to just make the surfing experience slightly better, what kind of message is that to its users? And most users do not have nearly the skill or know-how that they can make it a more pleasant experience by use of extensions. I can probably guarantee you that most users of Craigslist do not even know what browser they are using.
that these footprints
I typically am not a mean person. It's in my genes to be a people pleaser. I blame my mother (or I should probably thank her).
I created this blog ages ago, and I am just getting around to actually using it!
For the past two years, Nick Cannon has hosted the morning show here at 92.3 NOW, so it saddens us to bring you this news… After much consideration, Nick has decided to step down from “Rollin’” and will be hosting his last show today.
I’ve considered laser eye surgery, but then decided against it when I found out what it entails. I used to believe that they just shine a beam of magic light in your eye and you suddenly have the ability to view the moon landing site in HD from the comfort of your own back yard. Then I found out the sickening truth behind the procedure. They take a scapel and detach the lens of your eye (whilst you are awake). As your world goes dark, they blast that lens with death rays from a parallel dimension of damned souls, and pop it back on
#3- The Mercenaries: Dawn McGill and Svetlana Kovalevski (I)
Guinsoo: Is it that Iron Stylus should be on the spotlight?
Well a book, a chair, some sunshine, maybe a splash or two in the waves and plenty of beach photos to be taken.
The Republican party is currently choosing someone to lose against Obama. The one guy plausible enough to stand a chance was deemed "unamerican" for speaking mandarin Chinese. There is a savage proletarian mentality which goes beyond anti-intellectualism and strays into an open hatred of learning. Ignorance is 'American'. Being fat is 'American'. Wasting fuel in enormous trucks is 'American'. The very science which has made America pre-eminent is utterly rejected. There isn't a sensible rejection of climate change, for example. It's a rejection of something that might make those big, gas-guzzling trucks uneconomic, which comes from the same place as the rejection of the "theory" of Evilution. The fact that anyone could consider Rick Santorum, or Sarah Palin a potential POTUS is ridiculous.
wind, please blow me away
So, the bottom line is that I really enjoyed it. I loved the interaction with the class and the flow of questions, of which some I couldn’t answer there and then but I took notes and got the answers to everyone within 24 hours.
was under 90%
picture the the producer wants to create.
The Trinity is not the Trinity because of us. The Trinity has been and always will be. We are what we are because the Trinity has willed it so.
1 Tin kidney beans in chilli sauce
And that's all! They're so beautiful! They add so much to the space even though that's not their main purpose. I love them.They are so bright and cheery and have such a cool texture from the mod podge and the brush strokes. Also, they were less than $5! Well, not counting the mod podge (which I already had) and the clear acrylic spray, but those will be used for many more projects in the future, so I only count a percentage of their cost. Only $5?? Whaat? Subliminal message: Must make coasters now.
Far from flying with the angels, he traces with the fidelity of a seismograph needle the state of the solid bloody landscape. His house is dangerous and finite, but he is at home in the world. He can love the shape of human beings, the fine and twisted shapes of the heart.
About Melvin Sparks
I so wanted that fabric. My eyes swept along the table, piled high with dozens of boxes, and also crockery and glass ware, the sort of strange mix you only see at these country brocante fairs.
sun and blue sky
Is worth a lifetime
I won't tell you who he is if you don't know already, but the guy on the cover is the perfect example of your worst nightmare coming back on you. Kudos to you if you know who it is, but there's no music from that film on this comp.
Beer C: Westmalle Tripel
1 amuck
By this snow squall
All of which will raise eyebrows on every market in the world, once the dust settles. Because they have just been told that Portugal and Ireland will have to look after themselves, otherwise it’ll be finito Benito. “Greece is in a uniquely grave situation in the Euro area,” the eurozone princelings announced, “this is the reason why it requires an exceptional solution.” And in case anyone had nodded off, Sarkozy said there will be no imposition of losses on private sector lenders to the Irish Republic or Portugal.
Me: Yes, throwing up, can’t get out of bed. It would be like when you had the stomach flu but about a hundred times worse.
She said, “Why not? If the system is going to f*ck us, then we should f*ck them.”
Coincidence? Perfect timing... whatever it is, it's also pathetic. Will I see you there, too? City Hall on Friday.
But it did not work
Bush The chemicals between us UK
I used my own puff pastry which I made several days ahead and store in the freeze before I use it.If you don't have the time to make your own homemade puff pastry,you can buy it in the supermarket but sure enough the one I made can achieve similar crispiness as well.In this recipe all you need is 1 rectangular section of puff pastry,some good quality Almond Flakes and some coarse sugar for topping.
I know there are people who are down on New Year’s resolutions for various reasons, but I am of the opinion that they can be a huge help to us as we strive to become more like Jesus in the different aspects of our lives. Here are some reasons why I think this (with regard to spiritual resolutions in particular).
Congratulations, Angelique !!! Please send me your email address before Friday morning at 8 AM EST so that we can make arrangements to get your Sunday Sensations Surprise out to you right away!!
But now, here is the rest of the story. It was a tight race with the blog in second place. A blog authored by one name Jackie Bartak. She has an inspiring story and you may want to check her out. I think that both she and I thought that the voting ended midnight, Pacific Standard Time. She must have been working the social networks just like me. Most of the day I was in the lead, but she kept coming on strong. I was calling my daughters telling them to get their friends to vote and basically embarrassing myself pleading for votes from friends on Facebook. Late in the evening she pulled ahead in the vote count. I kept trying to catch up, bringing it back to a tie at one point, but the lady must have resources. At midnight, my time, I ended up losing by 5 votes. I'm telling you people it was an eventful evening, but actually kind of fun. I place a message on her voting page, congratulating her on the victory and thanking her for the fun times.
What I’ve learned in the last month or so, however, is that without my writing, without some creative output (architectural and interior design decisions notwithstanding), I take major strain. I’ve been loathe, for a very long time, to say “I write because I have to”. It just sounds so clichéd. But I regret to say, it appears that I do “have" to write. I find if I go without writing for too long I go into a withdrawal space, life seems to lose its colour and the ideas, which just won’t go away, become so out of control that I can’t think straight.
I want to run away. Disappear into the woods like I did that day they brought the burn victim to our house. Go and hunt while my mother and Prim attend to what I have neither the skill nor the courage to face. But there’s no one here but me. I try to capture the calm demeanor my mother assumes when handling particularly bad cases.
Up and down front (w/ usual NE ridge variation). Slogging ascent through ever-deepening snow. Maybe a foot or so on the summit. No views of any kind today but tomorrow should be fantastic. Ran most of the downhill because the pillowy snow offers enough cushion to make my shin feel usable.
I really don't know what year these are from. The plastic container says '70s to me, but the picture of the lady says '40s, but it wasn't uncommon for companies to use the same illustration for a beauty product for years, like hair net companies. I am not actually suggesting this specific product either. The description mentions rust, which I wouldn't suggest putting in your hair. There is a reason for me pointing these out though. You can get hair bling like this at stores like Claire's and online that twist into your hair and hold into place. I just think it would be a very elegant addition to a fancy dress if you and your beau are going out for a nice dinner.
Charlie says he has to leave for Cleveland in forty-eight hours but he’ll do what he can while he’s there. Now he wants to know why Tommy’s there instead of at University. He doesn’t get a real answer. Birmingham comes back for his fare and the trio is complete.
... to already be stressed about the amount of work school is about to require for this next month.
. . . gives me a voice.
Every year the American Church in Paris has loads of holiday events, including Christmas Eve services, but the candlelight Christmas concerts are by far my favorite. The music is beautiful and completely worth the trip. Plus, Christmas caroling at the end is a blast!
That really makes it hard to get any work done! It's also not helping with my weight loss goals. I may just have to be content 10 lbs over "healthy and normal", which sucks too.
This is the weather the shepherd shuns,
I go straight to my room to take off my bathing suit. I pull on the shorts my mom laid out for me, but I choose a different t-shirt. The one she picked has a picture of a pink cartoon elephant on the front. Once she put it in my soccer bag and I had to wear it to practice. That woman is on a mission to make me a laughing stock.
Well we have had a few busy weeks (I know... you act so surprised! ha!)...anywho...
I'd chalk it up to my imagination or paranoia
“The belief of God is not a matter of common sense, or logic, or argument, but of feeling. It is as impossible to prove the existence of God as to disprove it. I do not believe in God. I see no need of such an idea. It is incredible to me that there should be an after-life. I find the notion of future punishment outrageous and of future reward extravagant. I am convinced that when I die, I shall cease entirely to live; I shall return to the earth I came from. Yet I can imagine that at some future date I may believe in God; but it will be as now, when I don’t believe in Him, not a matter of reasoning or of observation, but only of feeling.”
+ NECKBRACE PRODUCTIONS
Some of you share the same passion for postcards and have told me your interests...
Back to my original statement: I broke Jodi Picoult’s rule in these past twelve months, and, unless I get engaged in these final four hours before my birthday (anyone?…anyone?) , I broke my mother’s age-ist rule as well.
The Purple Prose
If anyone hears my voice
'Cos I'm driven by this hunger
It is difficult, if not impossible for an unbeliever to recognize the truth among opposing religions. Today we are looking at the dilemma the chief captain of the Roman Garrison at Jerusalem had as he dealt with the apostle Paul. For this we are reading Acts 22:24.
I have been working on learning “Christian” counseling methods lately so I can volunteer in that ministry area. I like talking to people and listening to them and their issues. I do it enough throughout the day, that I think it is a calling. I have even looked at going back and getting my masters in it so I can practice full time. So many full time things I think about doing, we will see how the volunteering situations pans out to see if it is the right direction.
Me: I wish I hadn't gotten this vagina botox.
She is strongly confidence
That’s a slight setback from the last update on Title III. In a series of research briefs on Title III that were released by the Education Department in May 2010, analysts said that 11 states met their accountability goals for English-language learners in the 2007-08 school year.
There's nothing inherently unsafe about having the cart much further away from the rear of the dog as long as the traces are snug. The problems you get when the shafts are too long and the cart is too far away is that it is difficult to maneuver, and the turning radius is much wider. The shorter the shafts, the easier it is to turn. However, if the shafts are too short or the dog was placed too far back (move the brakes forward to fix), then the dog's foot or hock would hit the bottom side of the cart.
The Lord knew that I was the one appointed for this time. I see this clearly. But it hurts on a daily basis. I felt to keep her with me is denying her last wishes, in her life. Yet, in my more pragmatic moments, I know that it’s quality of life which counts. And there is no quality at all, if she was live, all alone in a little apartment. If I can’t get her to leave the house now, at least she has my children, my brother, me, and some people coming and going.
PS. Thanks, honey for the birthday gift!
Wooden coffee tables, specifically the convertible coffee tables, are loved by children as a place to play their games or do their homework. Their ability to have their height adjusted makes them perfect for children of all ages. Your children will enjoy their wood coffee tables so much; they'll want to keep them in their bedrooms. Because the price of wood coffee tables is so affordable, you can get a couple so you don't have to move them from room to room.
A microwavable bowl with cover (The Pampered Chef Rice cooker or the new Round Baker (stoneware) both work well)
Other items of interest:
people meet, people get closer,
Biggest Loser parents put WAY too much importance on high caloric family meals. If you try to stop them, they say things like, “But, it’s our heritage…LATINOS/ ITALIANS/ NATIVE AMERICANS/ AFRICAN AMERICANS/ WASPS are culturally supposed to eat wheelbarrows full of pasta, fried foods, breads, rice, and lard.” Then Julian Michaels comes along and slaps them all in the face. Soon after the slapping, there is a realization that the Biggest Loser Parents had a stillbirth that no one knew about, and no one talks about, but they did go so far as to name him — For a minute, he was called Enrique. Enrique is buried in the backyard because the family didn’t want their personal pain to become public. Enrique is the reason everyone in this family is fat, even the 9 year old. The 9 year old who never even knew Enrique existed, but just ate what Mommy and Daddy gave him.
I came across an online petition which has been started to 'Stop the development of Eltham Conservative & Unionist Club'. What's this I thought - there is no description of the development nor of the objection by its signatories (currently numbering a lonely 5) - is this the same large Conservative Club with its front entrance onto the Eltham High Street, next to Whitewoods the removal people?
This is one of my favorite craft projects that I make. I paint the football helmet by hand. I call this one my "Buckeye Machine" instead of a bubble gum machine. I make them in various teams and colors.
There is no Muse. It is placing human inspiration–the very world around us–on a cracked and shaky pedestal. Writers need to escape the romantic ideal of the Muse. All artists–especially writers–need to trust their intuition, their inner voice, and pour themselves into the creation instead of sloshing it off onto some empty Muse figure.
Learn about the basics of Radical Unschooling philosophy. See the learning in all that your children do.
Yes first time I played there, and probably the last. It was pretty weird playing in front of all the people. We only played for like 100 or 200 people before, so this was really something. I mean all the people were quiet and actually listened to the music, most of them were there to hear some music, not to meet other people and drink their beers.
How to write this crime novel that has been floating in my head for more than a year has given me some trouble and following it to nowhere is not helping a lot.
He paused allowing his eyes to adjust as he looked around the saloon. He noted most people were sitting at tables around the room. Only the lone hunched figure sat at the bar. He walked toward the bar, the spurs on his boots rusted silent making his approach unnoticed by the figure at the bar. As he passed patrons their noses turned up, his stink far exceeding than their own. His worn jacket was riddled with tears and stains, his pants so thin you could his long johns beneath. The hat pulled low on his brow once white was now stained brown and yellow with the brim cut and torn.
Me: Because then you would say I was nagging you.
D. brother
But I feel you can’t go wrong with the blues.
I don't entirely agree with you when you say that 'standard' publishers are not really for 'new, older' authors who submit manuscripts. A writer can start writing, and writing well at any age, young or old. J K Rowling is a case in point. And remember, every commercially published author was once a 'new' author.
the rest of the percentage gets felted, cleaned, photographed, baked,covered up, stuffed, fed to the squirrels, avoided, walked off, cried about and forgiven and tossed.
movies): Ray Harryhausen.
The industry, led by Time Warner Cable, wants to protect itself from what it calls unfair competition. The industry’s concerns are gaining urgency as some two dozen towns in the state are either planning or exploring their own telecommunications and television service for residents and businesses.
Hidden in the hills some 10 minutes drive from Byron Bay, Bangalow is a travel writer's and foodie's delight. Join seasoned travel writer Kim Wildman and learn what it takes to be a travel writer, while experiencing the smells, tastes, sounds and characters of this unique community.
Taylor (2 years 6 months): At the Cedar Rapids Westdale Mall, Grandpa had charge of Taylor while the others shopped. Strolling past the small food court, where the odor of the Indian concession’s curry overwhelmed all others, Taylor tugged at Grandpa’s hand and asked, “(too soft to hear)”. “I can’t hear you.” Taylor repeated, “(too soft to hear)”. Grandpa leaned down and said, “I couldn’t hear you; what did you say?” Taylor asked loudly, “You ‘mell that?” (#49)
GMOs were first introduced in 1996 so this is the first generation to grow up with these foods (that were not tested on humans first…oh wait yes they are, WE are the experiment) so we don’t yet know all of the possible effects these unnatural foods could have on our bodies. The most common foods to be genetically modified are: soy, corn, canola, cotton and sugar beets. In fact, according to the article: 94% of soybeans are now genetically engineered and 88% of corn is now genetically modified!! This is HUGE, almost all processed/packaged foods now contain at least one derivative from these two monster crops not to mention that many of the animal products consumed also contain these foods because GMO ingredients are used in their feed. So, why are foods being genetically modified? Why are scientists messing with mother nature? Conant states that “supporters have been thriving on the argument that GM foods are safe to eat, environmentally friendly, and a possible solution to world hunger and the ravages of climate change on our food supply”…hmmm, safe to eat foods that are being genetically altered so that insects won’t eat them but yet, we are okay to eat them? Engineered with insectides grown right into the food and still, it is safe for us, our children, our planet? What do you think?
My French Revolution reads...
We're in or out of the money
And I now know where they have been
Still, after all these words about knowing this and accepting that, there is the unexpected. True surprise is a rare thing. We can understand and still have a sense of wonder. We are, after all, bigger inside than out. And, once in a while, it rains unexpectedly in the desert.
I had trainer number 2 tonight, and his style is what I'd call "exploit your weakness." He had me start with one-legged squats on a high step, and he noticed that my stabilizer muscles were weak because my ankle and my knee wobbled. Soooo, we worked on that for a whole hour. We did some lunges on the BOSU, some outer thigh raises while balancing on a stability ball, and single-leg calf raises. All of it made my legs shake, and I'm pretty sure I'll be super sore tomorrow. The good thing is that I need to work these muscles. When I get pain, it's all IT band related, and he says that working on these muscles will help. My left hip is soooo tight compared to my right so we talked a lot about balancing strength and flexibility on each side. Loved it!
¡Venimos! ¡Vimos! y ¡Conquistamos!
Gazed across the water at Swansea town
For Irina Rozovsky, Israel has long been a part of her own lineage, memories, and sense of personal identity. This had been the case despite the fact that prior to 2008, she had never been there. For peoples of any diaspora, identity, memory, and place can be profoundly intertwined in the absence of the very earth in which those notions were formed. A Russian immigrant to the United States, Rozovsky traveled to Israel in 2008 without any intention of making a body of photographic work but swiftly found herself in the throes of a picture-making frenzy, the result of which is One to Nothing. These pictures emerged as a means to draw together the multiple strands of personal, racial, religious, and societal histories as they had informed her relationship with Israel. At the same time, they embraced the vast, insurmountable anachronism of this symbolically charged landscape that harbors an ancient and contentious history.
* Colouring medium - Promarkers
The market for home electronics is booming, with hobbyists and electronics enthusiasts letting their imaginations run wild and creating new gadgets and prototypes by the dozen. Whether they are interested amateurs wanting to learn more about electronics, or engineers prototyping their new designs for commercial applications, these creative minds are using the most up-to-date components. In the last few years, a number of online suppliers have made it their business to source the most sophisticated components and starter kits to get electronics enthusiasts going.
Another house that I visited while writing Sovay was Berrington Hall, near Leominster, Herefordshire. It is a 18th Century house, so again, it could provide extra detail for Sovay's home, but that is not why I went there. It houses the National Trust's costume collection. Only a small selection is on display, but I was lucky enough to talk my way behind the scenes and to be shown the kinds of clothes that Sovay and her contemporaries would have been wearing.
I started running to get back into reasonable cardio-shape. I found that I liked it. I especially enjoy "social" running.
When my child screams at me when she is hungry or exhausted, it's just like when she is too tired to walk. In either case, I offer food and a chance to rest. I don't expect her to be able to communicate perfectly politely all the time, just like I don't expect her to walk all the time.
DH brought home some more Boulevard boxes so I can use the last of the black polka dot that I bought last week!
In denying his right to free speech, the Supreme Court said, essentially, that you can say anything you want, as long as it isn’t something the government doesn’t want you to say. This is the gist of it, and I could be accused of bias in phrasing it this way. So I’ll just let Oliver Wendell Holmes speak for himself:
Wed - Principles of Computing - 10.00-12.50 - Chilliwack; Intro to Programming - 2.30-6.10 - Chilliwack
My contribution to Kotto Week is Luchi De Jesus' soundtrack from Friday Foster, the 1975 Arthur "Detroit 9000" Marks film featuring Pam Grier and the man of the week Yaphet Kotto.
And why, I wonder, did armies throughout history not send women into combat from the beginning of time? There must have been some reason for that. Ah, but this is the Age of Feminism, where a woman can do all things that a man can do. We’re all the same, don’t you see? New policies and new legislation will change human nature. Natural attraction between the sexes ceases to exist, because Big Brother says it must be so.
BraufactuM Darkon is described as an "elegant Schwarzbier" at 5.4% ABV. It has a light roast and toffee aroma, with some fruitiness. The initial impression on the flavour is that of a thin malt drink with a pleasant raisin fruitiness with light coffee and chocolate notes. Remarkably floral at the back, it delivers a pronounced herbal bitterness, washed away by thin caramel flavours. It's nice that this bitterness gives a sharp contrast to the sweet and roast flavours, but it ends on a bit of a bilious sour note. Better when drinking, and not good to stop so. Interesting, but not a balance of flavours that works for me. Well, not the sick.
It was IMX that organised the two-day conference You Are In Control, held prior to Airwaves at the Saga Hotel, which brought together an international assembly of industry moguls, keynote speakers and local musicians in Reykjavik.
I’m ready to tear my hair out with software craziness today so had to have some fun here.
Next time the clipboard lady comes with lots of other people to take you away. Lots of big words you don't understand like 'aggressive' 'confrontational' and 'care order' float around the room and you can't see your pink balloons so scream and scream. Mummy and Daddy cry and tell you to be a good girl, that you'll love your new home, it'll be full of your favourite things to do, they'll come to see you soon.
Throughout my life, Sunday has always had some special meaning. When I was a kid, it meant that Mom was making Matzoh Ball Soup and a red sauce for some Italian dish (yes, Jewish and Italian mix perfectly). When I was away at school, Sunday meant bagels after a workout at the gym. When I was older, Sunday meant the Sunday New York Times and seeing how fast I could finish the crossword puzzle...in ink! And sometimes Sunday meant brunch.
Both Wonderful creative and magical women!! Thanks for hosting!!
Traci Tapani's metal fabrication company, Wyoming Machine in Stacy, recently published a job opening at what she thought was an attractive annual wage of $36,000. Four weeks went by without a single applicant...
So-and-so says my ears stick out too far.
Research institutions, such as CSIRO, make substantial scientific advances. The work of research institutions is often at the forefront of scientific awareness. Although their work may not always have immediate applications, the work of research institutions has produced enormous benefits to society in the form of new products and processes. Because the work of research institutions such as CSIRO is often fundamental to scientific advancement, it merits strong patent protection. Furthermore, the public interest is advanced by encouraging investment by research
Daniel Dragomirescu, El Diablo y el Hombre de Dios/
It was a nice walk, about a mile I think.
For the factual record, Barack Obama is publicly on the record supporting the sodomy of children in his czar selections. The very same Obama who said, “ “Judge me by the people with whom I surround myself” surrounded himself with a czar who openly promotes homosexuality in public schools and smiled down at a boy who told him he was being sexually molested by an older man.
Post summer and the European world bounces back. The financial gurus pick up the pace and school bags are packed with pencils sharpened. Moving, building or renovating is within reach before Christmas and the cosmetic industry promises improved miracles to combat the after effects of too much fun in the sun. The gorgeous and glamorous re-pound the pavements and the boutiques are fresh with winter merchandise and full price tags. It is time to harness my thoughts. I must try and write more, find pretty blog titbits for you to enjoy, think about the olives and the forthcoming harvest. I must forget the hazy days of summer and get back to business.
into the world to make your mark
made the faces glow~
On the Susan Komen, Planned Parenthood scandal:
Utterly brilliant. I suspect that his act must involve the use of internet searching (of audience members), radio technology and props. Though he will deny it I think at least one of the participants was a stooge. There is no other way to explain the 'magic'. Some classic hypnotic techniques were used. I almost went under but as soon as he said "You're really clever..." I knew that he couldn't possibly mean me and so I snapped out of it.
The concurrency of these two changes dramatically reduced the morale and culture on the unit. Working became a chore and there has been a notable change in the attitudes of the nurses. I would be lying if I said this had no negative impact on the patients we nurse: the ramifications are in-direct, but nonetheless present. Nursing more patients from outside our core practice areas, we started missing the little things, like using the tricks learnt from working on a specialty unit for years, passed on by osmosis. High patient turnover pushes staff to deliver care in smaller, task-orientated blocks which can reduce the patient’s experience. We have shallower relationships and often are still completing discharge paperwork as the next patient arrives for their four hours with us. I would not call it unsafe: it is just less personal.
The following baby bows are great for babies and toddlers with more hair:
8. Traveling: I had so many adventures last year traveling inside and outside of China and I am looking forward to the new places we will explore this year. Sometimes trains can be crowded, and tickets hard to buy-but no matter what we always have a great time and some awesome stories afterwards.
One example of the Arabization of non-Arab Muslims can be seen in the Pashtuns, many of whose customs were regarded in the earliest ethnographies as “Arabized.” In particular, honor killings and the idea that the tribe or nation’s esteem and honor revolves around women upholding a chaste sexual ideal was an idea imported from the Arabs. Extreme hospitality may have been one too.
Today my neighbor gave me another root. It's a whole different animal. No branches to sort through. I'll have to spend some time turning it over and around and looking at it. But first I had to give it a good washing with a stiff brush.
In the end, it doesn’t really matter – the way things look at the moment, Mitt Romney is going to get the GOP nomination. What a prospect! This is a man who believes that some of the lost tribes of Israel settled in America, were visited there by Jesus after his resurrection and left divinely inspired records, written on golden plates in a language called “Reformed Egyptian,” to be discovered by Joseph Smith (guided by angels) nearly eighteen hundred years later. He also believes that God doesn’t want you to drink coffee.
by the fire, make coffee, read a little.
And my husband is leaving it up to me.
Martha Stewart - Rhinestones
During his time as a student at Walthamstow College of Art (1959-63), Ian also taught in local schools. It was at Culverhouse Secondary Modern School in South Ockendon that he met fellow teacher Gordon Law. Fuelled by a diet of jazz and poetry, Ian and Gordon would fantasise about making improvised radio shows and films. The Goons were an influence, as was Richard Lester’s The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film (1959), featuring Spike Milligan and Peter Sellers.
It’s the time of year when we should all take stock and work out what we really want from life. If certain things are not working they way we want them to, we need to sit back for a minute or two and reflect where it’s going wrong. Perhaps it’s time to change directions, to think outside the box. It’s time to get focused – on where we are and where we want to be. Because, after all, we are holding the key to our future in our own hands.
Last but not the least, mummy wishes you "Happy 3rd Birthday"
You are morally and geographically obligated to root for both teams. It's a fact. After seven years, you are given the option to no longer root for the team where you used to live. But until that time, you must. Fortunately for you, you have one team in the AFC and one in the NFC, so you only have to worry about them playing each other once every four years. So that is really easy for you. You root for both to do well, then on the rare occasions they play each other, you follow your heart, but have respect for the other team. But you're obligated to stab your significant other if he roots for the other team.
I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made;
Ms. Fields, Jamba Juice, Corner Bakery, Au bon Pain, Pizza Hut, Cinnabon, Starbucks, Argo Tea and MC Donald’s.
“We seem to be of same age though I am sure you thought me to be twice yours”, this time she did smile and I realized how beautiful she was, radiant even in her fragile state.
The world has changed, a lot! But the way young people think and learn I’m not sure about that, are you? If so, why are we discussing Vygostky, Dewey, and the other guys who wrote about how people learn LAST CENTURY?
This is where the DeleteMe service comes in. They currently charge you $99 to un-track you from the tracking data clearinghouses, which in turn sell your data to others entities. You can follow Abine’s list of services and do the deed yourself, and that means writing many e-mails, sending numerous faxes, and placing enough phone calls to make you wish for a time machine so you can go back to the 19th century to do violence unto Alexander Graham Bell.
2.) His sense of humor. He can (almost) always make me laugh. Even when I'm determined not to. This makes it nearly impossible to stay mad at him. I know. I've tried.
first day of vacation and I am sick.
"Farmers and businesses operating in landlocked countries such as Zambia, Malawi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo face transport costs up to 50% higher than coastal countries.
-- "I feel a bit like crying," I confess pathetically to the Argentinian businessman ...So it did give you that hint; but because you think that this is what tango is, you've ignored the accurate information coming from a bit deeper down in your brain. I congratulate you on the good instincts, but not on the research quality or the final decision.
What can we learn from this?
Fresh Grated Parmesan Cheese
Time for some calculations.
find a way to discover new things,
Said "I've got no further use for these.
On Thursday Cooper turned 2. It seems almost impossible. It was such an emotional day I have to say. Of course I am joyful for the little man God brought into our life 2 years ago. But I also couldn't help but think how far we'd come from that day and in the days to come shortly after.
Today, with hubby's help, I'm going to see if we can make it happen. Let's just hope the wee one sleeps well today so we can get it done. Will share pics this week if there is success!
over the bridge of Death,
ACTRESS - R.I.P
Maybe I expect too much, having travelled through the Konkan more times than I care to remember where rivers and rivulets snake as densely as the lines in the palm of the hand, where the green is spread around as widely as the blue overhead.
Jeez, only 14 pieces? I feel like I did way more than that, maybe some will turn up in the future.
My Coffee Stop are the latest addition to Venuse. Based at the end of Platform 1, Enfield Chase, the Fairtrade themed coffee shop are pleased to join us and offer free venue space to the social sector.
By educating our children with decency, and a sense of worth which doesn't require material rewards or the approval of those who have absorbed the toxin of feminism, we can make a difference to our kin. And in the end, the fight against internationalism is a fight for our nearest and dearest. We are on the long journey to victory over the global enemy, and to paraphrase the Chinese philosopher Laozi, every journey begins with the first step.
Another update from one of my work gardens. This is Ballone Castle which is where I spend my Saturdays. Although the weather has been pretty crap, there always seems to be plenty to keep me occupied.
How about you? What's your idea of a perfect day trip?
My heart is wild, uncontrollable, free. It has gotten me in so many destructive situations. Many times I have to call out to Him to keep from hating my own heart. But what I cannot control within a moment HE WILL REIGN IN FOREVER!! How AMAZING!!! WHAT A POWERFUL GOD!! How???
Whenever I try a new recipe, the whole family dreads it. I have not had too many successes. I get this cooking magazine that had a week worth of recipes with a convenient little shopping list included. I did it but by day five I was done spending that much time in the kitchen every night. The recipes were not that great either, or actually my ability to make them might have been the real problem. So, I returned to my rotation of spaghetti, tacos, pork in a pan, sloppy joes, some kind of chicken/vegetable stir fry, and maybe if I want to get real exciting, I might throw a tuna fish dinner in there. Oh, how sad is that?
these industries were
Today I have an easy but delicious appetizer. You can fill the pinwheels with any ingredients that you like.
Barbara’s head popped in around the doorframe and offered her husband the same comforting smile she had given him for more than five decades. Every time he made a decision, there it was. But this time, he hadn’t done anything at all.
Don't forget to visit our lovely design team members for some inspiration, I am sure you will not be disappointed.
I wake up lying on a beach, Quintus. I don’t know how long I have been lying there nor why. The murmur of the waves mixes with the rustling of the surrounding trees.
I walked away from school in the middle of Parent Teacher Conferences and didn't return for 7 days. My wonderful friends stepped in and planned for and took care of my class while my husband was in and out of the hospital for the next couple of weeks. I owe them more than I can ever repay.
Further to my introductory post of two Fridays ago, brief search revealed that Probatter holds registered trade mark rights for its PROBATTER device in the USA, but not in the CTM, UK, Australia or South Africa. Although searches were not carried out, it is unlikely that trade mark registration will exist in ARIPO or any of its member countries.
We are invited to this sacredness of time-an ability to sabbath once a week. In a jumbled sort of way, just as we are invited to become co-creators with God, we are invited to be co-sharers of Sabbath.
Let's see when I get around to making the muslin and cutting the fashion fabric.
WalkenTalken is long Zynga at 8.60.
My little boys love picking me little flowers they find. I put one in my hair the other day and they thought I had magically transformed into a princess.
In Britain, and elsewhere in Europe it has now been established in law that telling the truth can be a criminal offence (and we laughably still call ourselves a free society)
In this particular kit, natural oils and getting foods of will often bark furthermore it will be be used to illustrate fats through as well as to exchange people make purchases.
Approaching the parking lot of the 5 Seasons Brewery Westside in Atlanta, I started suspecting every not-so-young-looking pedestrian I saw, wondering if I would recognize him at the reunion. It was an odd feeling that our class was a living time capsule about to be cracked open after two decades.
Remove the mixture from the fridge and stir to loosen slightly.
On the basis that it would be an insult to Dick Clark.
“Beheadings, like the ones we see the cartels doing, were part of ancient Aztec human-sacrifice rituals. The adoration of death and the use of witchcraft have been practiced in Mexico for longer than anyone knows, and are regaining popularity,” he said.
Well They couldn't find a decal in MOAB that they liked, so they asked me if I could make one for them. Well this is what I made and they liked it. I just love working with Vinyl, I especially love seeing my work on several Jeeps around the Las Vegas Valley. I am hoping that some day I will have a small Vinyl Decal business going. I know I am on the right track.
4 to 5 pounds broccoli
of your study before composing a syllable.
Monday Hmmmm, I feel pretty crummy. My throat is so sore. Lucky I have the whole week to get better before the concert.
And tales of the glories of
Even while my nerves are a wreck, I’m looking forward to seeing Coop on the mound, and Mitzi too, when she has her turn pitching for her softball team. And, just as I cheer them on, I’ll also be cheering for the other kids, even those on the other team.
To compound matters,would you believe the two on the brunt of the pudding fiasco happened to be possibly the only teetotallers out on New Years Eve?
It was then back to our hotel for final instructions for the evening. Many thanks to Marty Tatman, of the Collegiate FFA team, for his excellent work in organizing this orientation and the countless travel details. It is quite evident that he is an old pro at accomplishing such tasks. The shuttle picks us up at 5:40 a.m. tomorrow, so time to get things packed and some quality shut-eye!
Nothing stays the same, right? Imagine what happened when I decided to randomly view some old blog posts and had it hit me in the face how true that is!
3. Captain America: The First Avenger
I greatly look forward to sharing my wonderful connection with you, please read on to learn more about this talented designer and blogger…
Last night, I had the pleasure of attending the Launch of the Queensland Good Food Guide and awards ceremony, to launch the 2012 Queensland Good Food Guide. This guide was managed and edited by one of the greatest food-lovers I know - my friend with the steel-trap memory, Natascha Mirosch.
Boil a big pot, with some water to cover,
3. But note also: we had it coming to us. Prohibition happened because booze and the people who sold it were out of hand. Saloons were often dens of iniquity, drunken men did squander their paychecks and beat their wives and children, brewers and distillers were corrupt and fed graft money into a corrupt political system. We look back on saloon society and plentiful local breweries and a wide diversity of distillers (oh...for the days of rye distillers in Maryland and Pennsylvania), and we see things through amber-colored glasses, a beautiful Golden Age of Drinking. Well...there were some pretty cool things. But there were some pretty ugly things, too: see Gangs of New York.
If memory serves, the copy on the back of this jacket was spot on and worthy of an extraordinary book with a great jacket. It helped that it was the author’s own words: “I am here, Master. Command me.” Perfect.
More frequent infections, that last longer
A. “The iPhone, when you take it out of the box, has Voiceover with it. You don’t have to load other screen reader stuff. You don’t have to try to figure out how to get the thing to talk. You just press a couple of buttons, and there is Voiceover up and working on any iPhone. So suddenly, on that initial screen that you open up with the iPhone, there are twenty native apps–that just means little programs that come with it–that are created by Apple. All of those talk! All of a sudden, you have a talking GPS (navigational software for outdoor travel), you have a talking maps feature and you have a talking calendar.
They have come to assist you through a difficulty;
11. I tried phone s*x once, but the holes in the dial were too small.
One of the things I loved about being there was not only eating the food, but the fact that Italians celebrate, and I mean genuinely celebrate, their food! While I was over there I happened upon two festivals! An oil and cheese festival in Florence and a chocolate festival in Bologna.
Good new is that there were no crispy critters and that was the only building destroyed. Bad news is that I never got to see how cool that hidden room was actually constructed or busted anyone. Better luck next time.
I've found out a reason for me
Yes! This way you will be notified if there has been a recall.
Me: Mom, are you okay? I bow my head in shame as I listen to my mother weep.
(2) Nordstrom re-targeting ad; what I found innovative was how they showcased not just one item, but multiple items I had viewed recently on their site. The likelihood that at least one would catch my eye just increased exponentially.
One evening, we were chatting about whether we thought we'd cry during our wedding ceremony, and Alex admitted that he hadn't cried since he was ten years old. "Guys are taught to hold in tears," he explained. "As a little kid, you don't want to be labeled a cry baby by your friends. I quickly learned to be stoic." And that lesson stuck: He hasn't shed a single tear since then, even when his father died.
And just like the Scripture itself, the painting's emphasis is on the "emerald" color in the center.
3 boneless chick breasts or 1 lb chicken tenderloins
1 myriad
Mark Twain
Then, every time a teenage girl made a painfully insecure remark on how fat or ugly she felt, a group of Christian girls would chant, “PROVERBS 31:30!! PROVERBS 31:30!!” in her face. (“Charm is deceptive, and beauty is fleeting; but a woman who fears the LORD is to be praised.”) It was less of an encouragement to fear to Lord, and more of a social chastisement for seeking compliments. It was thrown at me a few times when I had voiced genuine fears or concerns, in the place of sympathy or love.
Speakers: William Yong (Zata Omm Dance Projects), Julian Sleath (Program Manager, Special Events City of Toronto), Sue Edworthy (Arts Consultant)
29. The Pyrite Wink (Deep Down 5) (01:57)
One of my personal desires for 2010 is to become more practiced and skillful at photography. The technical points as well as the processing afterward. It will be a HUGE learning process for me!
The heavens declare it,
against the Commandments of God . I would
OK, enough history, what are these API’s all about?
I won't tell you about those things because I want you to know that we're fine. I'd rather tell you about Aston's baby butt and how it's to die for. I have another surgery tomorrow and a few more days at the hospital and then I'll be back. And better. And remembering that the complications we've had could have been so much worse.
“The difference between violence and non-violence resides in the heart.”
We have been doing practise tests at home with me reading him the questions. He is doing quite well and is feeling good about it all. With the numeracy tests he is even ENJOYING them and thinks they are fun.
DW: Eight trillion dollars?
Lower in the article:
I feel like that at some point, I should be able to put away my childlike things and behave like an adult. If you’ve read any other posts in this blog, you’ll know that I don’t really want to be an adult, and I covet those moments when I can recapture some bits of childlike innocence in play or thought. Maybe, in fact, this ”dissimulation, half answers, vindictive attitudes, a false presentation of self” is really adult behavior. Maybe this is what happens to us when we become adults: we get mean. I don’t know many children who behave as badly as many of the adults I know.
6. Most POD houses were scams
If I said yes? Well of course.
Any container chosen must have a bottom hole for adequate drainage. Place containers on legs, bricks, coasters, or saucers to allow drainage and to protect the surface underneath.
I’ll answer each question separately.
They named him "our name" ... Josiah :)
After a week that seemed like a page out of a doomsday novel. . . earthquakes, hurricanes. . . life in Washington has quietly settled back to normal. We were lucky, very lucky, considering the scope of the destruction wrought by Irene along the east coast. My heart goes out to all from North Carolina to my home state of Maine. My family is safe and well, but there are so many others who are not.
Arianna’s Entry:
I take things seriously, with my heart
I will probably spend time by myself when he is out singing and on tour. He’s going to be really successful, more than American Idol. I can just tell. He has like over 5,000 friends on Facebook and it’s only a matter of time before he hits the big time. Then he will be making CDs and having concerts and I’m not sure I would want to be around that all the time. We will get a small house in Greece. White. With an ocean view. For some reason, I think we’ll have a couple of goats. Isn’t that weird?
So there are two big lessons to take from Guber’s book and from the new science of storytelling. First, storytelling is a uniquely powerful form of persuasive jujitsu. Second, in a world full of black belt storytellers, we had all better start training our defenses. Master storytellers want us drunk on emotion so we will lose track of rational considerations, relax our skepticism, and yield to their agenda. Yes, we need to tell to win, but it’s just as important to learn to see the tell coming–and to steel ourselves against it.
I had planned to go clothes shopping with Craig this weekend but I actually got a chance to go with Mom on Thursday so ended up not going out on the weekend which meant more downtime for me - score!
KUALA LUMPUR – MALAYSIAN state-controlled conglomerate Sime Darby Berhad on Monday named Mohamad Bakke Salleh, a top official at plantation giant Felda Group, as its new president and chief executive.
He had held her close
+That night I volunteered for a new swimsuit designer from Brazil, A.Z. Araujo. This was in a studio in Chelsea and I did a lot of the same work as the previous show. Since I was also seating people, I got to network and then watch the show, and let me tell you, no one could hate gorgeous male models in speedos.
And 82 Glenville Road (scroll), built new in 2002 and sold then for $3 million, $5,000 above asking, started at $3.875 a year ago and like Birchwood, is back as new, asking $3.250. Sounds as though the sellers will have to settle for that 2002 price or a tad lower. Good back yard, Glenville Road in front, NTTAWWT (!)
“Hiç kimsesi yok,” he explained at last, “hiç.”
The seller even sent me two samples from Etude House. The one of the right is the Age Repair BB Cream, and on the right the Age Repair Peeling Mask.
3. Wood plank walls- this is another design element I would love to work into the decor somehow. I'm thinking about trying it in the nursery and/or girls' bedroom.
And –my Rep Challenge of the Day if you want to play along:
In coming up with a vision for the wedding, it was very easy to be inspired by Ireland and by the old estate we had chosen as the wedding venue. We wanted the wedding to be vintage chic. Because the house was an old stately home for a duke, it was very romantic and old world so I wanted to reflect that in the theme of the wedding. Juan and I wanted to keep it simple because the house was so beautiful; it didn’t need much dressing up.
But I'm not deciding this. You're deciding this.
Today I present the score to Lucio Fulci's SETTE NOTE IN NERO (1977). This one is known under a variety of other titles including: Murder To The Tune Of Seven Black Notes (my personal favorite), Seven Notes In Black (I believe the literal English translation) and The Psychic (the title used for the original US release). The score is by Bixio-Frizzi-Tempera (three musicians who often worked together and yes the Frizzi in there is Fabio Frizzi). The CD was released by Digitmovies (Catalog Code: CDDM062) in 2006.
He continues with the esoteric instructions, until everyone is absorbed.
man is Hershel Kaminsky. He has a chair
I made the cape of flannel, and sewed it so it would drape all around her and keep her warm and used a paw print pattern to line the bottom.
His mouth was a ribbon, his body Paradise.
(2) Repackaging is permissible only to the extent made necessary by inadvertent damage. Repackaging not consequent to damage is prohibited.
And they did come. With a baseball bat. They found a younger smaller boy in my neighborhood and grabbed him by the collar and threatened him with the bat until he told them where I lived. They rang my doorbell and said they just wanted to talk to me. I –stupidly!– opened the door. They tried to shove their way in but I somehow got the door closed and locked and I bolted up the stairs to call my mother’s office.
Level 6: STR: +18, DEX: +18.
The legal and policy structures necessary to foster solar energy development in the Southwest and propel Arizona to national prominence in the field is the focus of a conference to be hosted March 26-27 by the Sandra Day O’Connor College of Law at Arizona State University.
I have one at work tucked out of sight. I sit in a line of partially-divided, open-on-one-side cubicles, so my desk is at most 8-10 feet from the guy who sits across from me (as you can kind of see in the picture). Then there are two coworkers on either side of me (separated by those 5 ft high cube dividers), and then another coworker kiddie-corner from me.
Since the panic had not yet receded, after I said goodnight I began researching whether there was a developmental stage at which children viewed their parents as gods, all the while thinking age ten had to be too late for such a stage. What I found was an assumption that children had been taught to believe in a specific god (which read like the Christian god), and, from there, that the type of parenting they experienced affected the ways in which they viewed that god within their life experience (primarily as authoritarian or forgiving). So, if you’re neither taught to believe or not to believe in a spiritual entity, but you are taught that many people, including some Unitarian Universalists, do believe, then maybe you skip the whole supernatural question and just put your outsized faith in an affirming parent for a while. Perhaps my Religious Education friends have thoughts.
“Oh yeah,” I said, peering up from my menu. “The beefcake…”
Although I haven’t been able to get a photo of Kate’s office in “H2 Ahh!”, friend and client Keith Koppens sent me this photo of it in the bathroom of a home he just put on the market in Baton Rouge’s Garden District:
“That gives us some time even if they’re already on the move,” Pappy stroked his beard thoughtfully.
Oh well. It is what it is.
This is Thursday and the mum is only worn at school and during the game on Friday. The best is yet to come..... The dance, the limo rental, the dress or suit, the dinner at some fancy restaurant, the professional photos, the after dance party at someone's house .....
* 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted
- love love love puppies !
Howl in the air
Subs from: Nash, Delap, Whitehead, Etherington (if fit), Diao
How hard and long would you be willing to work to obey God?
Probably my mom.
I used some Basic Grey Jovial pp... just adore this range, the flowers are perfect for fussy cutting and the colours are so delicious, so you will be seeing this range pop up on quite a few of my creations as I have been going to town with it!! I have Kraft as my background and added some black paint splatters, then distressed and inked the edges to grunge it up a little. The Santa bingo card is from Simple Stories and the gorgeous Christmas charm is a new range of Charming Chains handmade by Tracy at my2angels.
I know I'm bad. I haven't been keeping track of what week I am.
As promised, I'm back to introduce you to several of our Specialist Vendors participating in the Shabby Vintage Junk Extravaganza....While there are 16 of us, some of the team have been so busy working on the Treasures they're bringing to the Extravaganza they were unable to submit their profiles however, I'll include links to their businesses at the end of this post so you can go visit with them before the Show....!!
I'm sitting in the lobby of a motel in Cedar City, 250 miles from home.
My books of the year
with Healthcare Services
1. Three MK ULTRA mind-controlled Super Solider Units hours before being activated and sent to Mars to battle the awakening of an ancient force a la Ghosts of Mars/Total Recall? or
4 anything
You’re kidding me right?
Me: Mom, are you okay? I bow my head in shame as I listen to my mother weep.
The good thing that has come from this is that the seven of us have dinner together every night. I've always made it a priority to come together at the dinner table, but when the kids are involved in activities (even with my one activity per kid rule), we end up catching a lot of meals on the fly which can be less-than-healthy, expensive, and stressful. For the past six months, my kids and I have sat down to a meal together and it's given us the chance to connect in ways we wouldn't have otherwise. In fact, we eat outside on our screened-in porch half the time. We couldn't do that back home in Chicagoland!
Head: Peter Sawchuk
I tell you, Golden Retrievers are just born gentlemen.
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cut the broccoli florets from the thick stalks, leaving an inch or two of stalk attached to the florets, discarding the rest of the stalks. Cut the larger pieces through the base of the head with a small knife, pulling the florets apart. You should have about 8 cups of florets.
Griffin isn’t good at a ton of things. “Quitting” appears to fall into that category.
Growing up in the south, I can remember my grandparents talking about working in the “baccer” field and how much hard work it was. My mom and her cousins worked in their grandparents field every summer priming tobacco. Although it was grueling and backbreaking work, my mom said she learned a lot in those fields about hard work, determination, and faith. Mom says that grandma told stories in the field and made sure they all knew where they came from. I am so thankful for the teachings that grandma gave my mom, because she passed them down to me. I’ve always wanted a piece of this history in my home, but I wanted it to also fit with my decor. I decided that a huge tobacco basket would be just the right statement piece to have in our home and have been looking for one for the past year and I found the perfect one over the weekend at an excellent price of only $25. Tobacco baskets are super hard to come by especially when they are intact and in relative good condition. Most baskets I have seen on ebay are at least $50 and about the same to ship.
This is only one of the ones out there right now; they are the Pacific Crisis Fundraiser. There are so many talented designers that have put out great products for people to come buy at this location and for most of the vendors 100% of the money from the item purchased will go to the charity Americares.
I suppose what the viewer at home is expected to take from the programme is entertainment value of the end product and how it looks, considering the ingredients involved. However, that fell on its hole in one episode where a recipe consisted of seal's blubber or some such and he substituted it for duck's liver...so what's the point at all? None of the meals are practical to recreate at home and listening to the hateful, ball-licking guests swooning over the meal as if each course represented the second coming of one part of the holy trinity.
Sad thing is...since posting this on their wall on September 2, they've had zero suggestions. I guess when you only have 138 likes, you're not likely to get many suggestions.
Even a poem
If the evidence on specific health outcomes remains of low quality, is it, perhaps, the case that caesarean sections are cheaper? Is NICE’s guidance intended as a cost cutting measure? In 1997 the Audit Commission reported that:
I do not understand but I nod my head, lost for words because I am so happy that the person I love is right in front of me, talking to me, pulling me along –
the snowy driveway
I found number three to be the most daunting, teacher task orientation. This key behavior “refers to the how much classroom time the teacher devotes to teaching an academic subject” (p.10). I currently have no idea how much time to allocate for math, reading, and/or writing, before I lose my students attention. What is the magic equation that will keep them engaged and able to retain the information?
They go into the army - all these children of ours and we know they don't all come out. It is the most terrifying of thoughts that plague us all year and cripple us on this day. It is all of us – standing there on one side of this little divider every year – there on that side up in front, the bereaved families, and here behind them and that little dividing wall the city put up to give them their space. We stand supporting them, remembering the boy we also knew just a little. We watch his mother walk up the steps and light the memorial flame and are amazed that she can put one foot in front of the other; that she doesn't cry out, but as she comes down the steps, there is a break and quietly, she raises her hand and wipes her eyes.
The dynamics of united front
I am working on a set of cards to put in the box. I will try to get pictures posted this weekend. Thanks for looking!
We'll be starting up our regular meetings again in a few weeks; the second Tuesday of each month, as usual.
Now, let us unpack two things here. Firstly, there is a distinction drawn between everything you have paid in to your pension (and employer contributions) up to last month, and everything you are going to pay in (and the employer). Secondly, there is information about how these two different sets of contributions are going to be dealt with in your retirement. Nowhere does the leaflet give you any examples of this, or offer the calculating formula.
the sooner i stop trying to fit the square peg through the round hole (him not wanting/needing a nap and me wanting/needing him to) and can find my peace with is, the better – for everyone.
If you can keep your head when all about you Are losing theirs and blaming it on you; If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, But make allowance for their doubting too: If you can wait and not be tired by waiting, Or, being lied about, don’t deal in lies, Or being hated don’t give way to hating, And yet don’t look too good, nor talk too wise;
1 John 4:4 Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them: because greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world.
Rosie's birthday party was on Sunday, February 5th at 1:00 pm. It was a typical February Sunday... chilly and kind of dreary. It also *just happened* to be Super Bowl Sunday... oops!!! However, the party was over by 4:00, so it shouldn't have cut into anyone's Super Bowl activities.
I started writing in the latter years of elementary school and continued throughout high school. I gained intense enjoyment out of creating worlds and putting those worlds onto paper. At that point in time, I had always imagined my life would contain writing on some level. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to do it full-time or if it was something that I wanted to do for myself. A wise person, a mentor of mine, made a suggestion at the crossroads of my life, trying to guide me in pursuing the best education possible. At that junction I made a choice that I don’t regret, but I do wish I had made a few addendums to. I should have carried on writing fiction; instead I traded it in for the long nights of academic papers and lab reports. It wasn’t until I was facing down an illness that I rediscovered the joy that writing had once held for me. Since then, there has been no looking back.
From the picture above, it looks like my child has very well-developed lips (yikes! obviously s/he takes after momma, cuz I have one GIANT lip that I appear to have passed on), and the technician told us that she could see TONS of hair on the wonton’s head. She said, “It looks kinda curly,” but then wouldn’t commit when I pressed her more. I didn’t know they could tell if your kid had curly hair from inside the womb! Now if it turns out to be curly AND ginger, I’ll be over the moon, even if s/he did end up with my hugely ridiculous lower lip. Though I suppose my own boring old brown straight hair would also be ok, even in combination with a mutant lip. It seems to be ok for me, so I suppose it will have to do for my baby. The wonton will just have bigger lips for me to kiss, which sort of makes me happy.
Perjury, to be clear, is, in the law of Scotland, the making of false statements under oath, the statements having to be competent evidence in the case in which they were made, and material to the subject of the case or investigation. There requires to be proof beyond reasonable doubt that the statement or statements are false and that they are made wilfully and there requires to be evidence from at least two sources.
Well it has been a while since I last blogged, I get a bit of blogfright.... like stagefright but for writing on blogs.... do people really care what I write? Will any one read it ?
Christian Friedrich COL D 20
Up early and at the ISA meeting point for our excursion by 8:30.
In the same month, women were also shocked by the sentence given to Turkish man, Emmin Baro who subjected 50 Ugandan young girls to oral sex and recorded them on videos. He was initially charged with child pornography and given a light sentence in form of 6 million shillings fine
I’m not a child of chance; predestination is at work in me. I have a glorious destiny in God and I’m being guided by the Spirit of God every day, to take the right and necessary steps in the direction of God’s perfect will for my life. Nothing can stop me from fulfilling my destiny in God Amen!
Oh and it's Valentine's Day. Have some Valentine's Day related art I shamelessly stolen online. :D
For now, I’m thinking about the cake.
Interior apartment evening. The sound of footsteps on the stairs.
Hat:
May you find your Muse.
I've been thinking about how much I like styling and photographing little odds and ends...cupcake wrappers, buttons, flowers, fabric...you know what I'm taking about, right? Anyway, I think I'm going to do more of that...mini color collections of little tidbits. Sort of the way this post is. I think it will help me to be more creative. I've been wanting to get back to the part of me that's more artistic rather than crafty.
My queen bee is buzzing around the yard collecting honey for her birthday cake! We have a number of birthdays this month, and one lands the day before Valentine's Day. So how perfect - the Queen Bee can lighten some one's day very soon now.
nobody would run away from home to go do drugs.
IV. It was 105 feet high (LXX cubitorum altitudinis)
as the storm rolled through town.
most of all, i love the big personality of this super sweet family.
We moved together wordlessly. A step to the right. A smooth glide to the left. I wanted to do like I’d seen Pop do, tip her back and make her laugh like a girl in love. I didn’t. Instead, I settled for leaning in as close as I could, letting my cold, unnatural breaths coat her neck. She shivered.
Anwaar: But aren’t we all hypocrites?
Yet, the culture of offering condolences to the bereaved is less culture and more Islam. It is called ta’ziyah. Yes, there are indeed ills that go along with having huge crowds gathered in one place. But if each one of us smelt that camphor, tried on in our minds as our final perfume, then death would take on a whole new meaning.
I will note that it is, at times, melancholy, but very introspective.
Nine copies sold between the three of us. We all felt like we got our money's worth. Not because it was good, remember, but because it spoke that little spot in our hearts that loves those kinds of stories. The fact that it was kind of poorly written just made it that much better.
“What do you want to do to me?”Ask Junsu with cold tone.
The impact of IIFA Singapore was experienced across tourism influx, investments into Singapore and closer ties between India and Singapore.
Newscorp lifer and former pa to Rebekah Brooks Cheryl Carter has been arrested by the Sue Akers Weeting Enquiry. The charge is perversion of the course of justice, and will almost certainly involve email deletion on grand scale.
Are you surprised at how well (or not) your country performs compared to others ?
I didn't feel like doing another half batch of the buttercream, so I used white chocolate to decorate the cake. I sprinkled some shavings on top. Not the prettiest way to decorate, but it got the job done. Plus, now there's white chocolate on the cake- yum!
Once they are cooled, save them to top your pie. If you stop to taste even one, you might eat half of them. That's just fair warning... in fact, why not go ahead and make yourself a double batch? It's Halloween. You've earned it.
So I was a mess when I arrived at the party. I relaxed when for the first hour my friend (blogger Phylotopia–she was there to examine the science of the event) and I were the only ladies there. It was a sausage fest. Although hosted by a movie theater, the party was held in a yard behind the theater. There was booze, thank goodness. The bags were out on tables and after you got your drink, you got to sniffing. Cups of coffee beans were provided, so you could cleanse your palette. It took me a while to find a smell I liked. Most of the shirts smelled musty and dank and reminded me of all my worst boyfriends’ houses–the unwashed sheets and beer cans. One shirt just smelled like marijuana.
Calcium soothes and relaxes — mentally and physically — encouraging sleep and calmness. Having a calcium-rich drink or snack made with raw milk at bedtime encourages sleep and muscle relaxation.
Boy group BEAST who recently teased us with their newest ballad song “Clenching a Tight Fist” has back to tease the fans with their MV Teaser for their newest title song “SOOM” a.k.a “Breathe” off their upcoming album “Mastermind” on 23 September 2010.
It lurks in the laundry room, in the darkest corner. Its black carapace gleams dully in the winter light. Its long black tail is twined about itself, awaiting the chance to lash out at me. Its trunk, with a seemingly innocuous blunt end, leans casually against its shiny body, ready to lash out at unsuspecting victims at any moment
So now that I've toned down the topic to "Places where there is room for improvement in you" I'll try address the topic.
Assume that you refer 10 people at the Bronze Level, 10 people at the Silver Level and 10 people at the Gold Level. You are now earning an extra $2250/mo. And that's not all! You can earn not just on your referrals, but on your referrals' referrals!
The main disadvantages of this implementation are that deleting a Singleton class/instance is a non-trivial design problem and this implementation is not thread-safe.
I usually like them in bold colors and patterns.
My inspiration for this card came from multiple challenges - I will be listing them all below.
Mini rainbow snow skin mooncakes by Geok Lian
I could go on but quite frankly it just started getting rambling and disorganized to a greater degree. It almost reminded me of that last scene in Inherit the Wind where the prosecutor after losing the case start rambling in a plea just to be treated like he was important. Rick did not have the manners to exit as gracefully as the character in the play.
It makes me both sad and, admittedly, a little bitter, to lose that sense of freedom. My reward for making it through all those years of school is that I now get to work year-round, sluggishly carrying on with my routine, day in, day out. The only difference summer makes is that it becomes a bit hotter and a lot more humid.
Part 2 is typically where you introduce the conflict, the major one at least. Remember you are not highlighting plot points. This is where you want to introduce the same conflict that got your story going in the first place. Do NOT reveal the resolution to the conflict. Why read if you already know how it ends? Have you ever watched a movie trailer, thought it was great and went to see the movie? Only when you saw the movie you realized all the best stuff was in the trailer. You felt a bit disappointed with the movie, didn’t you? Use some good stuff, but save the best stuff for the book.
Locally owned and operated microbrewery takes flight on Black Friday
Jacquie x
Sigh...summer...i've missed you so much
I didn't pack this along with the rest of my stuff because I knew I was going to take it out anyway (same goes for PanOxyl). But for accuracy's sake, I'm listing it to account for all my skin care stuff that are actually out of the bag. (1)
2 cups dark, leafy greens Spinach would probably taste best, I only had a Spring Mix on hand and it was a little bitter before I added more of the ingredients below. Spinach would have been my first choice.
All the back and forth about who won the “debate” aside, just think about this for a second: One of these two is an Ivy League university professor and Nobel Laureate; the other is a medical doctor by profession, who’s been a standing member of congress for almost thirty years of his life, and is a self-taught, amateur economist. The fact that anyone is arguing over who did better is a testament to how much a lightweight Krugman is, and how formidable Paul is, in this field.
Camilla Nylund and Brian Hymel, singing Rusalka and the Prnice, are absoutely stunning. Technically, these roles are demanding, requiring unusual range and vocal agility. Nylund and Hymel don't compromise by shading downwards, so we hear the full intensity of extreme timbre as it cuts and carries. We listen in awe as their voices soar up and down the scale, for the range is a source of wonder. We're not dealing with the "real" world here, but a hyper-intense world of magic. Nylund and Hymel are "acting" with their voices because Dvorák gives them so much, and they give in return. We've had good singing at the Royal Opera House this year, but Nylund and Hymel lift things to another, if stranger, level, for that is the nature of this opera. Nylund has long been a specialist in unusual repertoire and Hymel has made his name as the Prince. ("It's a role that's been good to me" - please see this interview wth him). In this performance, Nylund and Hymel show that they are forces to be reckoned with.
All he needed now was an alibi and ditching one of these pigeons would be easy. Didn't matter which since they both looked the same.
It’s interesting to compare shows like this in Thailand to their equivalents in America.
What happened to change my mind so starkly in the last twenty-four hours?
Jack is exploring in Noah's room, it is always exciting to see new toys. He LOVES his train table!
The girls and I went to the boy's school last week to get another "training" session on using the PODD book with Peter. I still haven't found a way to incorporate it into life at home. They say he is doing great with it at school. He hates it when we bring the book out. So, I said, give me something small and manageable to start with. I can't just start this entire thing on my own. So, we're starting with it during meals. They ran through several scenarios with us.
To take him or her
In promotional or ceremonial contexts (such as a list of donors or corporate officers), titles are capitalized even when following a name. Example:
Well today has been a exciting day. My nephew came over this morning and spent the day with us. He got here early this morning around 8AM. Plus Charlie got home last night. So everyone was here to spend time with my mother-in-law. Around 11AM my nephew passed out on the couch and Charlie took off to go hunting. About 3:30PM Jason the PT showed up for her to start PT today. This is her first real day of it. The kids are busy doing chores. They got to get their room cleaned up and put their dirty cloths in the washer.
So God suffers, in other words we suffer, especially our most male component that tries to do good. In other words we believe that any really good men will need to suffer to the point of dying, which in turn will make accompanying good women suffer accordingly, which in turn will make it even harder for people not particularly good at life to catch a break, and since it will be done unto us as we believe, no wonder we can’t seem to stop killing each other incessantly for even two minutes at any given point in time. No wonder we keep ourselves perpetually too lazy to clean up after our own filth, or toss a can in a recycling bin. No wonder those of us who believe that God is greater than the consciousness of a suffering person constantly have to work harder after those who insist on worshipping suffering itself as though it is their own God; as if it is themselves. Since it shall be done unto us as we believe, or at least so says that guy supposedly, can we stop believing in a suffering God now and start believing in a happy one? It seems to be what Jesus would have wanted for us; to believe in a happy God. Or would anyone rather believe in a God that wants us to suffer?
The mountains are alive this morning. As I drove to campus, the light was brighter, the sky bluer than it was just last week. There is a light breeze and, while the weather is crisp (43-degrees), the day will heat up to a sultry 72-degrees by dinner time. Jonquils nod and tulips sway as the breeze whisks them into its arms and spins them in a heady dance. The birds challenge the day with a cheerful song, almost as if they are inviting one to join in -- even if one doesn't know the words, they surely know the tune, the song, of spring.
Can u drive me to the mall plz?
Therapist: Enter, not delete.
Turn the straw over and use the other side of the straw to cut another hole on the left side of the button.
(and better on the budget) to make them gifts.
The quality of their training program is a good place to begin. While difficult to quantify, the importance of relationships that form between producers and the staff at the companies they represent cannot be overlooked. The training producers receive both when they are first contracted and on an ongoing basis can go a long way toward determining whether they become firmly entrenched in the company’s culture or if they try their luck with a competitor.
If you are intending to enter you will need to already be or be prepared to become a financial member of Romance Writers of New Zealand
All Is Well
Who Do You Think You Are? Kate Humble learns her grandfather was a famous flying ace (start at 3 mins. 30 secs.) Quite fascinating! (This series is my absolute favourite thing on television at the moment. I could happily spend the rest of my days watching it to the exclusion of everything else!)
I recognize what it feels like to be alone in a class and discriminated against because of it. I was bullied mercilessly in Jr. High School. I have experienced discrimination as a woman, because of my weight, and in relationship to my special needs child. I have had nasty and rude comments directed at me because of all of those things. I have also traveled enough to have experienced being the only white, only tall, only large female person in a culture where I didn’t have either the language or the cultural background to really get by. And I have been treated in such cultures as “not quite civilized.” I’ve been excluded from groups I could have contributed to simply because I didn’t have the appropriate credentials, regardless of my experience.
The hotel serves breakfast between 7 and 9 a.m.,
So Pat got offered to guest post here. But that is not going to come due I fear. For Pat is too boring and would have you all snoring. He wanted to talk about taxes which would probably make you want to murder him with pitchforks and axes. So the cat will save the human once more and
Ruby-$599
He has been cursed with shadows of nightmare.
Now let me tell you a little bit about my experience at these specific events. The connection between the two of them and the main reason why I visited them both was GOOD MUSIC.
No inside this time I'm afraid as I ran out of time - will have to do it later :0)
She dreams a little, and she feels the dark
My piece is a short story titled "The Explosion." I actually wrote it in the 4th grade. I had just finished reading The Series of Unfortunate Events and I was inspired by its plot and theme.
On Day 5, we changed the price from 99c to $1.99 at 10:00 am. We could have changed the price on Day 4, but Day 4 was Valentine's Day, and we didn't want to up the price on a holiday so closely themed with romance.
Erle Frayne D. Argonza / Ra
A friend who lives there joined us and walked us through a brief history of the neighborhood and past some of the favorite clubs. Walking by a building I remembered from St Patrick’s, I recalled that it was a home for the elderly, that many of them stood in the doorwell or pulled chairs onto the sidewalk to watch the festivities pass. Made me less scared of getting old here.
thousand
· Yelling “Wake up, Jeff!” whenever the loveable Purple Wiggle falls asleep onstage.
Love the leather jacket and the mystery behind this Doctor. How did we get from 8 to 9? What guilt is he bearing for the Time War? Its a wonderful, complicated, emotional Doctor.
Tyroconnell 10 year old Madeira Cask Finish Single Malt – 46% £49 rrp
4. Air France - it feels good to be around you
We are approaching the point at which the future is about to veer one way or another. Just as with 1930s Spain, one doesn’t have to be a Communist to fight on the republican side. I am not a socialist, but if enough Sovereign States say no to the bankers, the globalists, the Bilderbergers and the ISPs, then Orwell’s haunting prophecy need not be fulfilled.
42And when they went out, they made a request that these words might be said to them again on the Sabbath after.
My calling of the heart is working with incarcerated women. I have always had an interest in working with groups of women, and for a couple of years, I felt called to work with this particular population, but it wasn’t until I met Patty that I realized I could do it, and do it now. She modeled for me what a life devoted to helping someone who has less than you looks like. And for that I will forever be grateful. Yesterday as we were dining, she raised an issue that I too have come into contact with: there are two types of responses when you tell people about what your service is. The first response is “why would you want to do that?” That is a difficult question to answer, because the person asking it has already judged what you do as distasteful. So it’s best to just smile and back away. The second kind of response that you get is a visible softening, a light of recognition in the eyes that there is something in that person’s heart that is asking to come forward too. Those people often offer help. It’s always good to have some help. The class that I teach in creative writing needs paper, erasures, copying of materials– and a lot of that comes out of my pocket. It’s good-hearted people who “get” what I am doing that will often donate paper and money for copying. It feels good to have the help and to partner with others who have a generous spirit that longs to help.
‘Identical mutilations have been taking place all over the south west. whoever is responsible is well organised with boundless technology, financing and secrecy.’ When news of the cow abductions reached the White House in 1979, there was fear.
Someone once said to me that if you have been to one wedding, you have been to them all - and yes this someone was the cynical architect with the colourful jumpers and no heart who sits next to me in the office... but my response to him was this:
I certainly was not going to help him push the button, or push him across the street, because I have helped old people before, and they will fuck you over every time. I just know that if I had helped him cross the street, he would have wanted me to continue pushing him the four miles uphill to get him back to the place he rolled out of. What am I, a gift? I don't think so. If there is one thing my readers know (all 3 of them, I can hear you out there, breathing) it is that I am no fucking Girl Scout. Girl Scouts put advisories on their cookie boxes to warn other people about people like me.
Contentment is a heart issue. Therefore the secret to learning contentment lies in letting God change our hearts. Sometimes the pain of discontent is the only tool that will do the job.
Belle:; "You're going by the store right?"
Could it be that Jesus breathed his last?
I'm also happy to announce that I have been offered $50 gift code to be given away to one of my readers to spend on anything at Novica.com. Novica offers jewelry, accessories, home decor, clothing and much more that are hand made by highly skilled artisans from around the globe. What I love about Novica is that you can find such unique gifts that you just can't find at the mall or your normal shopping outlets.
In the month of July I am taking a "road trip" with 3 of my girlfriends and we are driving to and back from Utah. We will be gone 11 days and I am certain we will be laughing, talking, eating, stamping, laughing, talking,.....you get the idea...heehee...I used a Denami image for this card. I colored the car and friends with copics and then cut the whole image out...(darn camera sure shows I didn't do such a good job cutting...). I used pan pal chalks to try and create a scene of sorts on my round background and used some girlie dsp I had gotten from my birthday..Since I love shoes, (as much as I love glitter), I cut out a strip of shoes and used it at the bottom of the card. I used the word border to lay on top of the shoes for the girlie accent. I thought the pearls would add a little umph to the card ...anyway, for the extra part of this challenge, I plan on sending this to my AWESOME AUNT who shares the same birthday month as me. (we are 20 years apart)...and although she isn't a shut in she is one of my heros. She has raised 6 girls and has lots and lots of grand children and great grandchildren. She and my mom (sil) would road trip together to see my dad (her brother), in the nursing home towards the end of moms life. Oh the stories ....heehee...but that is for another time. I saw my sweet aunt this weekend and she raved about my cards and how much she loved them so, am going to pack this one up with a few others and send them her way to wish her Happy Birthday and let her know how much she means to me...I will also, send out a special card to one of our service members who is recovering in the hospital ....after an awful injury...along with a big thank you.
snicker snack
Coach your child to touch your arm and keep going "Please, to listen to me this is important". Now you get irritated and say "Can't you see I’m busy!?"
In other news I've been seeing Petunia around several times a week and I've got two Canada geese that have been hanging out. Not nearly as friendly as Loretta but they are less afraid every day and have been coming up for snacks and visiting just 10 feet from the front porch a few hours a day. I love geese. Their mannerisms are adorable and they are such beautiful birds.
is an expose by a black preacher of the obamas. He says Michelle was forced to give up her license
Mariana by Susanna Kearsley
1. I got all the information in the mail.
Time for a confession. I've been a CAMRA member for over thirty years, am an ex branch chairman. I've mananged bars at local festivals and worked at festivals in Belgium, yet I've never been to GBBF. When I was younger I just wasn't that interested. I drank most days of the week anyway and didn't really see the need to waste money to do what I did all the time.
Our challenge for this month was to use the color black and our favorite color. Well, I really don't have a favorite color. But since getting on this Cricut obsession I do like really bright green. So that is the color I chose to do my project with. I think it really pops against the dark black.
Constance Marks’ documentary Being Elmo: A Puppeteer’s Journey is only tangentially concerned with Elmo’s commercially ubiquitous existence. Instead of using the character as a basis, it chronicles the life of the man who brought Elmo to life. The film argues that the love that Elmo puppeteer Kevin Clash experienced through his life is the defining quality of Elmo that would inspire and enrapture the imaginations of children the world over. Marks uses pictures and old camera footage to draw an evocative picture of Clash’s life, from his modest upbringing outside Baltimore, to his dedication to creating and operating puppets. Clash achieved success at a young age due in part to good fortune, but mostly from his commitment to the craft of puppetry and the love and support of his family. It’s standard stuff as movie narratives go, but that is about a man whose fame and influence is known to the world only as Elmo makes it unique. Moreover, to see Clash, his family, and colleagues reflect on his unique fame is richly compelling, mostly because these reflections come across as wholly genuine.
The Helicarrier is a character in its own right and plays a huge part in the film. It exists because a mobile headquarters is much more difficult for an evil organization *coughHYDRAcough* to find and destroy and protects any potential host nations from being a target. They took it one step further in the movie and gave it cloaking technology which was totally badass and a nice little treat for this Trekkie.
The giveaway will be open to all who participate in the read along each week. There will be a Grand Prize and a Runner up prize pack.
She drew blood and we left with our new pictures. Driving home I realized we didn't get a picture of the baby's profile, I was disapointed, but didn't think anything about it. Now I know, it wasn't an accident.
I cannot say it enough how happy I am about how this came together! I started by making the pinwheels. The larger pinwheel is made from a 3'' square and the smaller pinwheels are from 2'' squares. I then used brads to hold them together. The sticks are lollipop sticks, that I use when I'm making candy, that I inked using Tim Holtz- Broken China. I then attached the pinwheels to the sticks at varying heights. The grass is a piece of scrap paper that I had and then fringed to make it look more like grass. The clouds were cut from one of the pre-loaded images on the Cricut Imagine and then inked with Tim Holtz- Broken China. Everything except for the grass is popped up using pop dots. I LOVE those things! I use them on almost EVERYTHING! LOL!
I do not like to spend more than $5 on an item...I would like to refinish found item and sell for a $5 profit. So the majority of my items will not cost more than $10 plus shipping.
as an end-of-year message, i would like to encourage readers who make charitable contributions this time of year (or anytime) to consider giving to the fistula foundation. i simply cannot overstate the importance of their work, or the impact the fistula foundation has had on my radical feminist awakening: it was the catalyst for it.
It seems like a minute ago
Use the discount code KARDIG25 and use this email - info@creativesteps.co.uk
YOU ARE suppressing important information from the public. By filtering, blocking and burying vital safety information posted on this and other blogs, YOU and YOUR COMPANY, Google, Inc., are preventing the potential victims from making informed decisions concerning their travel plans, modes of travel, activities, and where to visit or live. As a result, thousands of people are losing their lives and many more sustaining serious injuries.
We are hoping to tear down the wall between the kitchen and the playroom next summer but we'll see if I can bear to tear down the cloffice and the now fun and functional playroom. Our goals for this makeover are to get rid of the carpeting and replace it with flooring that dog pee doesn't ruin, organize the games and toys so that the kids can find them and might actually want to play with them, make it kid friendly, bright and fun all while not spending a lot of cash. I think we did a decent job in accomplishing our goals. We used black and white alternating peel and stick tiles because they were cheap, fairly easy to install, if the dog pees on it we can always peel it up and replace it and it was a fun pattern for the playroom. Two years ago we paid $1200 for carpeting in the playroom and the hallway. For the tile we spent $135 for the playroom and the hallway.
4. I wanted to blog yesterday, but I was honestly feeling so crappy I could barely move, so I spent most of the day in my jammies and warm fuzzy robe drinking tea and fantasizing about ways of getting back at my little brother for getting me sick lol.
What did you get in your mailbox?
I started with the same base as the Desert Crystal necklace, but this time, I stitched bezels for three Swarovski stones directly into the right-angle weave. Then I added a heck of a lot of Lucite from The Hole Bead Shop, dangled a ginormous crystal pendant from the center of the necklace, and added a magnetic clasp.
"Winners named in "HandsOffMyDesign" Competition
with greater looks than prince charming.
“No!” I cry, lunging for it. “Did it break?”
Even if you are already a fan of Dearest Diapers on Facebook, you can still copy the note to their wall and you will get one extra entry into the $100 GC giveaway!
There’s a step two as well. When the initial disappointment of watching the girl child being pulled (or pushed, whatever) out of the womb gets past, the next test is that of the colour. And I hate the way MS Word puts that squiggly red underline and tells me that ‘colour’ is spelt ‘color’. It’s always gonna be ‘colour’ for me, get that straight you American prick. I have seen FAMILIES FROWN ON KNOWING THAT THE GIRL IS WHEATISH IN COMPLEXION. “KNOWING”. DO YOU GET IT? ON BEING TOLD, OVER TELEPHONES, THAT IT’S A GIRL, AND SHES BROWN. I was in a train and when I overheard this guy talking and ‘tsk-tsk’ing, I swear I wanted to push him off that running train, hoping he bangs on a rod and another train runs over him. GOD, ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! And these advertisements on fairness creams and products; they just leave me flabbergasted at times! I do not understand on what’s about this race to get fair! Why does complexion matter at-all?! Blemishes, pimples, dark spots and stuff, I Understand (I don’t, I can just name them); but why do you want to change a shade of paint that’s forever yours? And that ‘excuse’, I just hate to, loath to, feel deeply disgusted to say that it’s the mothers and grand-mothers who cruelly tell the daughters that “Aisi kaali rahi toh koi acha milna mushkil hoga hume. Huliya Sudhaar khudka”. That literally translates to ‘If you remain this dark, it’ll be difficult for us to find a suitable groom. Improve the way you look and carry yourself”. Accusations imposed on the poor thing carrying her wretched parents hopeless genes, and also the pre-declaration of them finding the partner she will be spending 70% of her life with. Her soul mate, a man she’ll have to learn to love and respect eventually, regardless of what he is and how he behaves. The concept of arranged marriages may fancy some, but sorry, no matter how much you convince me, I will forever loathe them. I always prefer custom-built PC’s anyways.
It’s the most wonderful time of the year! Here at Hooray for Books, our holiday section has exploded into a vibrant display of red and green and silver and gold. It’s a great spot to stop awhile and browse! But if you’re in a rush, one of our friendly booksellers is more than happy to show you their “go-to” books for the season. And I, dear readers, am no different. There are certain books that I just love to hand sell during the holidays. Here are a few of my top picks!
As much as I wanted the strawberry rhubarb cupcake that I fell for a couple months back, I went with the chocolate green tea. AJ demonstrated her loyalty to banana cake by ordering a banana cupcake. And Ben got the carrot salted caramel, which made me happy because there are few things better.
Step 4... The Roof. The construction of the roof was the most time consuming part of this project. Once the two outer rows were in place, the inner rows could be installed. I used a hearty line of hot glue to adhere each row of cards to the rows next to them. Also note that the rows are not lined up, but skewed just a bit. This is a "Wonderland" project, after all! Don't forget to put down a fun patterned paper on the chipboard before starting to glue down your rows.
"If you give a fuck, raise your hand!" (Which has a kind of pleasant Catch-22 ring to it.)
For every minute you spend praying for something, you should spend two minutes thanking God for the blessing he chose to give you. So if I pray 30 minutes for God to allow your grass to grow, I should pray 60 minutes giving thanks to him and share the good news with my brothers and sisters in Christ and even with non-believers as well. It does not have to be in one sitting either. I prayed that God would make the grass seed grow, he gave me the grass and allowed my trees to be the first on my block to bloom. God gave me that miracle and I am thankful for that. We should take the time to give thanks to God for the blessing and give Him the glory instead of just saying “well it worked out for me, thank God” and then go on about our business. We should be grateful for what he has done and share what he has done for us, for His glory.
Still, not knowing for sure if she had heard or not, I tried the simple approach. "It's Rebecca," I said. Nothing. "Rebecca H****?" Her eyes brightened with the familiar last name, and then dimmed quickly with complete confusion. She didn't know a Rebecca in that family. And now, her mother was hovering. My mind whirled with possible paths this "conversation" could take. None with good results. This people were hard-core Bible-thumping Christians, and wore it on their sleeves.
He is always doing whatever it takes to get a woman. That is really not attractive to most women, although many women will *say* it’s amazing to see a man do this to win a woman over. First thing that is never established is if the woman is even interested. Or the woman is clearly not interested in the beginning, and then the guy starts doing any and everything to make himself appealing to her and *SUDDENLY* she falls in love with him? HA!
American Crafts Rubon Greeting.
Take this pink ribbon off my eyes
Please HELP!
I made this layout with Teresa Collin's Chic and Scary. I embossed the circles (cut at 1.25 inches) with a halloween embossing folder and rubbed them on a watermarking embossing ink pad. Isn't she the cutest cat you've ever seen?
Thanksgiving is the the quiet, pastoral younger sibling to that jubilant, festive darling, Christmas. There’s a calmness surrounding Thanksgiving, like a deep breath before the whirlwind of the approaching holiday. I look out my window at the bare tree branches and gray sky and snapshots of Thanksgivings past roll through my mind.
I started my project with high hopes. I found out that gluing the pages together was the only easy part.
You are my paradise, my peponi.
a devilish exultation and all the old mad joy in the depths
after i’m back i’m gonna write about it so no worries ^^
hope you enjoyed the randomness that is our life
Chips, basically.
You may try...in vain...to sleep again, but once the dog Insomnia has you in his teeth, your mind begins to whirl, to spin. Dreams are left half done, half remembered, half present, flitting in and out of the conscience, flecks of foam flying from the dog's jowls.
Some of you might know by now I'm a Dr. Seuss fan. I am, I am. So, when my son told me about this great little video made at the Burning Man Festival using the Dr. Seuss book, "Oh, the Places You'll Go!" I knew I had to watch it. Then share it. You probably already know about the festival, so I won't go there, and maybe you even know about this video and I'm way behind the curve, but just in case that's not the case, I'm posting it.
The winds of change are blowing through Thebes. A devastating palace fire has killed the 18th dynasty’s royal family— all with the exception of Nefertari, niece of the reviled former queen Nefertiti. The girl’s deceased family has been branded as heretical, and no one in Egypt will speak their names. A relic of a previous reign, Nefertari is pushed aside, an unimportant princess left to run wild in the palace. But all of this changes when she is taken under the wing of pharaoh’s aunt, and brought to the Temple of Hathor where she is educated in a manner befitting a future queen.
I then cut a layer piece at 3 7/8 x 5 1/2 and rounded the edges and pop dotted sweet little Abby which is cut at 4 1/2 plus the layers from the Sesame Streets Season's cartridge. Isn't she just happy and full of life? So cute! I added some fun flowers for the bouquet from the Flower Shoppe cartridge and they were cut at 2". I also added some perfect pearl mist to the flowers to give them a shimmery look. It's hard to see in the picture but I really like that shimmery, pearl effect.
Especial piquancy accompanies this news, given the admixture of true artistic genius and raunchy romperama that has characterised Moll's extraordinary life. Why, only a little while back, one gathered that Prince Philip may not have been over-keen to learn of his late actor friend James Robertson-Justice's exotic amatory encounters with Molly, featuring a light bulb.
Until the inevitable end does come, that flaw in the English character which would rather not make a fuss takes control, and whilst they do not have to confront a problem it is easier to ignore it. I don't think they are “Blissfully unaware of the problem”, after all many will have moved away from the urban areas because of the problem, but whilst they can't see it, it is easier not to think about it. Also, if they rely on the mainstream media they will know very little about what is really going on.
Of course there had to be Annie Sloan chalk paint involved, right?
This kArtIka mAsa, I have not been able to go piligrimaging to s’iva kSEtrAs as I liked to.
Couscous is banned from our house and has been banned from the house since last spring. As in the Spring 2010.
Timothy Treadwell, you are missed. Rest in peace.
Just a few verbal snapshots of a lovely, whirlwind Advent weekend. I’m looking forward to the possibility of some stillness later this week…the final pause before the Feast. May you also find some stillness in which to look toward Him with eagerness—and peace.
It's not what we thought, or even hoped. Why couldn't it be a stupid infected in grown hair like I thought? The doctor came in and said that dreaded five letter word, tumor.
makes sense...duh
At the one year mark (that promised one year!) he began acting strangely. He began doing all those things boys do when they don’t want to be with you anymore but don’t have the courage to admit it. After he gave me no choice but to break up with him, I confessed to my keyboard all the things that I feared would always remind me of him: the color yellow, the Yankees, the entire state of Connecticut, Jeep Wranglers…
15. The Dalai Lama "Healing Anger"
Relaxing the rest of the day and hoping to work more on the new school room this weekend.
This also includes the design of the characters that are going to be running around doing this whole thing.
Gray Tee
1/4 cup spring onion (only onion)
North Carlina fans of The Allman Brothers Band haven’t been forgotten on the band’s itinerary. The band will be in Charlotte Friday, August 3rd and Raleigh Saturday, August 4th. Fellow southern rock legends Lynyrd Skynyrd will join the band for both of its North Carolina dates. Its remaining August dates will be spent in Pennsylvania and Massachusetts with a handful of very special shows.
How did I get such peace? I heard the voice again. “Peace” I leave with you, My peace I give to you; not as the world gives do I give to you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. (John 14:27). In the midst of messy circumstances, I had received a little peace. My heart was no longer troubled and I was no longer afraid. Peace had strengthened me. I was prepared to handle what was ahead.
English, Korean and Japanese subtitles on feature films, bonus materials and commentary tracks.
Stab you until your heart bleeds
This is the invitation that we're basing everything off of. I am so happy with how it came out. I can't wait for this shower. I love this baby too much for me to handle already. I can't wait to meet him!
not harm another living being, and honor all of your contracts – which
so real
Anna Bligh 10:30pm (AEST) - "The destructive core, that is, the part of this cyclone that will have the winds of up to 280 - 300 kilometres an hour, spans a distance of about 150 kilometres. It is five times wider than the same core in Cyclone Larry.
So I am going to attach a list here of all the things available, I was hoping to do it this week, but apparently I am just not that computer savvy. So hopefully I will figure out how to link everything up by next week, as always you may mix and match from the previous weeks, and this weeks treat for a full week order is a Carmel covered popcorn and preztel mix.
Paper: Basic Gray, Blushing Bride, Whisper White, In Color DSP
Daydreaming about murdering Speer “would make him feel good.” He “felt happy” when he learned that Speer had died.
1/2 cup Bob’s Red Mill all purpose flour
One thing i hate is NEGATIVITY! Thinkin negative, having negative thaughts only puts me in the bad mood but still what the hell.. Thats me thinking alot!
So, my blanket is all sewn together, each of those 20×20 squares. It was quite challenging to do to make sure that it all lined up and wasn’t wonky – It is a bit! Oh well, first try and all that. All I’ve got to do is sew a material on the ‘back’ of it then turn it inside out so I will have one side with the patches and one side with a full material.
Marley thought about it, his mother hadn’t liked it much either but what was he expected to buy with five dollars a week allowance?
These pictures you’re looking at were found this morning by my husband after he plugged in the old hard drive to his laptop and it started right up. He called me at work all excited and began telling me which photos he was looking at. He found 40 of the hundreds of files I had. And he says that tomorrow he thinks he might be able to find more.
The milongas were both busy, bustling and with a lot of good dancers. I started with a few cringy dances (I hadn't danced in such a crowded floor since El Corte in November) but they gradually got better and by the end of tuesday some people were asking me for repeat tandas... I saw a lot of tourists and less locals than I would have wished for. Entries to the milongas have sky-rocketted recently and with entrances of 20 pesos (£4) the locals can't afford it, especially when the future looks grim - the inflation rate in Argentina for this year is predicted to be 35%!
My therapist thought this was the result of positive thinking. I didn't tell him that it probably had more to do with me losing ten pounds in five days.
"Transit-hub based bus service enjoyed 6 percent growth in 2010, and 7.1 percent growth in 2011."
You see my belief is that if Conte knows who’s doping, then he knows how to bring them down – and I would rather see them brought down within the system, than via accusation. Because development of a system will not only bring down those he knows are cheating currently, but will prevent others from doing the same in the future – giving Conte the opportunity to change his legacy from the man at the head of BALCO to the man that made track and field (and others) a clean sport.
One of the many perks of being a journalist in Paris is the occasional invitation you receive to fantastically over-the-top fashion shows.
½ bunch white asparagus; trimmed, peeled, and cut diagonally into ½-inch slices
Now, this is all well and good I here you say, but what's in it for me? Well, the lovely folk at Iconemesis have given me a case to give away to one of you, dear readers. All you have to do to be in with winning one of these beautiful cases is pop on over to the Iconemesis website and tell me which design you would like to see adorn your precious iPhone. Leave your answer in a comment before Sunday May 6th to be in with a chance. Good luck.
17. He was thanked in a documentary about Merian C. Cooper. Why? Because Sam's name just classes up your credits, THAT'S why.
(Doesn't have the same ring, does it?)
Hellfire! If Facebook Friends count for anything, I could never review a comedy gig and would get arrested as an accessory after the fact in many a dubious minor crime.
Daniel manages to get himself into a few more precarious situations that require the assistance of Nobles Green's finest pre-teen super heroes. Very soon they realize they must let Daniel in on their secret, even though he has no special powers to speak of. His arrival in town is more a gift than a burden to the supers, though. These young super heroes are on a quest to figure out why they lose their powers smack dab on their 13th birthdays. And, since they will all be turning 13 soon, Daniel will play a key role in the discover. Any time supers attempt to stay with another super on the eve of his or her 13th birthday, they also lose their powers. Since Daniel has no super powers, he can sleep over, keep vigil, and potentially figure out what goes on. You see, the super turning 13 has no memory of his or her super powers, and due to the this amnesia, loses contact with the group. Daniel is the lynch pin in a movement to help them extend their powers beyond the age of 13.
Daemon: Everyone has to excel at something, right?
One Friday afternoon, on 20 May 1983 at exactly 16:00, I grabbed my briefcase and headed for the stairway to the exit of the building. I was eager to get home as soon as possible to catch up on my UNISA study assignments. The deadline dates for completion were looming again! By 16:30 I presumed that my bus was behind schedule due to the heavier traffic, which had become the norm on a Friday afternoon in Pretoria Central.
Or: This weather is bearing down on the mood and the economy.
When: Wednesday, July 15, 12:30PM
PROSPECTS: A new tale from the minds of Pixar and the first non-sequel release by the studio in three years. Pixar still means quality when it comes to computer animation.
· Provide input to other groups on the deployment and testing of the software.
I forgive you – You are forgiven. But there is nothing that needs to be forgiven.
my heart singing
I pushed it open and slipped inside, the door shut behind me automatically. I drew the flashlight I had also concealed in my boot and began to examine the statue of Zeus. I finally found a small button and pushed it, a satisfying “whoosh” sounded behind me and I turned to see there was another door.
Emma grew up and married a Timmerman (there is my Dutch root).
Scattered Flurries
The speed of light within a fiberoptic cable is around 200,000km/s, and because the answer needs to come back too, this equals around 100km per msec. So if you multiply the y-axis by a hundred, you get a very rough measure of the distance of all authoritative servers queried. And servers are not distributed smoothly! They tend to cluster around hotspots.
He showed us we were wrong.
"I am not going to grant or dismiss the summons," said district judge Bruce Morgan, sitting at Redditch Magistrates' Court.
I felt vindicated, in the name of practicality if nothing else. I was less tacky tourist; more worldly traveller. Round 2 was mine. With that I queued up at the Cafe Giolitti to indulge in a smug victory gelato.
Even with our guidebook it was difficult to find our way out of Gyor and onto the bike path. A nice man gave us directions but people like him often think in terms of vehicles, as he did, and we ended up on a busy road. Finally we found what appeared to be the path and we followed it only to end up pedaling on a dirt road through the woods, actually more jungle than woods, with no idea where we were. It had to be the right direction , we thought, so we just kept on and finally got on the road to Komarom.
Why 500 people have nothing better to do than complain about an episode shown when all good kids should be in bed, and all nutters locked up, is beyond me.
It pours a deep honey-orange with just the faintest touch of yellow, a little transluceent with rocky beige head that quickly dissipates. The aroma is intense orange pine hops. If you've ever opened a bag of dried hops then you'll know the smell, it's that wonderfully intense fresh, green almost wet aroma that makes me salivate, it's one I really love. It's briefly smooth over the tongue, which surprised me, with some pleasant pine and orange marmalade flavours, rich and fruity. Then it begins. Slowly at first, a dry creeping pine bitterness builds, sucking at your tastebuds drawing out the moisture. The astringency doesn't stop, relentlessly building, steadily planing your tongue with a hop-edged cutting tool. This beer defines bitter.
I am taking the Clean and Simple card making class from Online classes (Led by Jennifer McGuire, Kristina Werner and Julie Ebersole). Loving the class so far. I wanted to share on of the cards that I did for Day 1 of the class using one of the sketches.
God is good because He took the entire situation out of our hands early on the morning of the Saturday after Thanksgiving. I delivered or passed the baby at about 2:30 AM and, thanks to the help of my sister and niece, was taken, with the baby, to the hospital via ambulance. Our doctor was there for us, at least in spirit, as he answered many phone calls at all hours of the day and night throughout the course of the entire situation. As I said, he is a good man, just misguided at times.
I wonder what happens on the "one time out of 10" when your child doesn't get up and follow you...
… Interested in learning more about the activist community in Montreal?
7 Fun Facts about You:
The song reached #1 on the charts in Canada and spent an amazing 38 consecutive weeks atop the charts.
Greetings! After three months of neglect, I’ve decided to reboot this blog and start updating more regularly.
There are reports locally of a potential threat to children and young women locally. There was an incident reported in the local paper this week and also some letters sent home by local schools warning parents of the potential threat by a man of "Mediterranean or Eastern European" origin who has now attempted to approach a young lad and now a young woman on her way to work.
Whatever happened today – and a lot happened today – I feel very light and happy.
Here's Beer Advocates top Black IPA/CDA's
I'm not so sure how's the menu looks like because I didn't get the chance to peep into it.....and our dinner just started without it!! As I said the chef already knows what he's going to serve us!! From appetizer till the end of the dessert...it was so fullfilling!!
This one.....A new twist on Sunbonnet Sue for sure! How about Modern Sunbonnet Sue. Talk about re-purposing materials. How about a quilt made from potato chip bags.....and it won a prize too! I kid you not.
4. Start gluing the eggs on. You can really do this in any way that you please but I’m not good at doing the whole “totally random look” so I just did a 1 vertical and 2 horizontal repeating pattern.
Book of the Month, May 2010
This is Toth's fourth novel, according to his press, so hopefully his writing will evolve in a more cohesive manner in the future.
Each year, teachers request many un-recyclable items that I would not purchase for our home (plastic markers for example), but would consider for school use. In a perfect world, teachers would keep "still good" supplies for subsequent classes or at least donate them to the local thrift shops at the end of the year. Better yet, manufacturers would offer non-toxic stainless refillables of modern staples such as markers, and teachers would limit their demands to those available and reuse them. But until then...
North Korea’s rocket launch was postponed Thursday due to bad weather. Kim Jong-un admitted he didn’t expect the unfavorable weather condition. Embarrassed, a furious Kim fired weather bureau chief, Prisconilo Yong-nam.
18- intervista & radio credits 5.09
However the great news is that we do have control over the response we choose to have in relation to the circumstance. For example if our friend chooses to get angry and frustrated with us because of something we have done or said to them, we can choose to react with anger and unhappiness to them or we can take a much more empowering place and choose to believe that what is happening is good and isn’t it great that they are authentic with us. We can actively choose to respond with happiness, peace and love in this situation.
‘Yes! Exactly!…’
Extra entries (separate comments please):
The other day, I was going through old cookbooks (pretending to clean) and found the 1979 Arlington Elementary School PTA cookbook. You know, those spiral bound, type-written fundraising cookbooks. In other words, the mother lode of nostalgia. (BTW, this wasn't even my elementary school, but somehow I have it...)
Best Weight Loss Tips – Eating Lots Low Fat and Diet Products
**Stop wasting time! Go! Find the Chosen One!**
POSTMA MJ, JANSEMA P, VAN GENUGTEN ML, HEIJNEN MA, JAGER JC, DE JONG-VAN DEN BERG LT. Pharmacoeconomics of influenza vaccination for healthy working adults. Drugs 2002; 62: 1013-1024.
After reviewing several different top 100 lists a lady by the name of Leisa Watkins had a brilliant idea to create the perfect top 100 list. She took the lists created by Random House Readers, The Random House Board, the Radcliffe List, Time Magazine, Guardian Unlimited and the BBC and combined them. Using these lists she created a list that takes into account the majority of the English speaking world, the readers of these books, and those at a higher level.
-Cruz
The G-Shock Frogman – A True Adventurer Wristwatch
There's no going back. There's only figuring out what comes next. How we do this, how we go on without him. Who we are now, as individuals and as a family.
Julie went home and killed herself that night.
My family and I send our positive thoughts and prayers
Erase expressions like “later”, “some other time” and “not now” from your vocabulary.
Lightning flashed like hell fire
We've taken some time to find a good local Tottenham builder, step forward Diamond Build, and we are just finalising the quote with them as we speak. Aaron and his nephew Eddie are involved in each stage of the process and we are making sure it’s going to be exactly the way he likes it.
In any case, that was the deathstroke for Pamela. I suppose one could do a deeper reading where one examines the second half of the novel for evidence of Pamela’s Stockholm Syndrome (or, oh! Even the idea that her concussion left her with brain damage! Or the idea that she’s trying to game the system!), but without Pamela’s strong moral compass, the exploitation is downright horrifying. (Well into their marriage, Pamela calls Mr. B “master”, and he even gives her forty-seven detailed rules on how to be a proper wife. I want to peel my skin off.) There’s plenty of rich territory for us to explore here as a class (I imagine I’ll write a paper or two on Pamela), but as a novel one might read for entertainment or even education (which was Richardson’s goal with Pamela), oh my sweet Lord, avoid it.
Correction. I've spent most of the day watching a ball floating on water (with the occasional duck visitor) and was given the job of calling the kids when anything interesting happened (which it didn't for about 8 hours).
I know some people will work through their collections listening systematically, but I think I'll create some new playlists and maybe edit away some of the songs too.
Me: "So...it doesn't look good."
Bundled like a baby and I’ll forever be your sitter.
Big took the glass and her elbow, then led Tina from the room. Felicon Whisper poured again from the chilled carafe and leaned back while a fog enveloped his spinning brain.
I believe that Adam was just an allegory. Because if he were a real man, he’d say “all that from just a rib? Well, God, why don’t you take out the other one and even me out?”
He wouldn't tell me what we were doing.
Wishing everyone a lovely weekend. What's happening in your corner of the universe? Whatever it is, I hope you have fun!!
There’s also a lot of other goodies for fans. It’s fun to go through. The anticipated sequel also stars Tom Hardy, Michael Caine, Gary Oldman, Anne Hathaway, Morgan Freeman and others. Christopher Nolan (“Inception”) directs.
Later that day, I saw:
Many of my family members ( myself, included ) share the trait of laughing
Stanley had always wanted to follow in his footsteps. A.J. built him his own miniature theatre in the attic when he was nine. When Stan was at boarding school, one of his teachers would wake him up after all the kids were asleep and have him entertain the faculty. Stanley Jefferson was a terrible student but that was overlooked on account of his talent. One day, when he was in his teens, he snuck off to a music hall run by a friend of A.J.’s and quietly, anxiously made his theatrical debut. A.J. approved. He got Stan a job with Levy and Cardwell’s Juvenile Pantomimes, with whom the boy performed for two years.
In contrast there are photographers who photograph intimately but in a different context. Diane Arbus sought out freaks, individuals who were on the edge of society, those that weren’t the norm, people with disabilities or defects. Her subjects were not people whom she knew before photographing although it is said that she later formed friendships with some.
Perhaps most importantly, all of this points to the fact that your current agent is not doing his job if he will not at least ask his co-agents to represent your book overseas. If that is the case, consider switching agents for your next book. Keep in mind, though, that foreign rights are not always easy to sell (it varies greatly, depending on the genre), and it may be that your agent ran it by his co-agents and they rejected it. Don’t make assumptions until you’ve gathered all the facts.
“We may consider each generation as a distinct nation, with a right, by the will of the majority, to bind themselves, but none to bind the succeeding generation, more than the inhabitants of another country.”
- a cup a day
AdriN2001: We're not dating and we aren't going to be, right now
It's been hard to write...anything. With some "writers block" and the nearly insurmountable disappointment with things we have been seeing and hearing in the United States news...we're taking a couple of days off (that's the plan anyway).
I was about to walk on when they stood and one bent over the seat and lowered shorts and the other showed the silhouette of his manhood as he mounted up from behind.
Hot cooked rice
Let’s get things started by announcing the Top Mouse awards from the last sketch challenge.
Salt and pepper- to taste
That the number of deaths of lung cancer for Mexican men aged 70-74 is only hundreds more than in Scotland is also astonishing. One might think that Mexicans have some genetic advantage but clearly this did not help the Spanish.
Thanks for looking; and have a happy and healthy 2012!
"Mom, that's what it's like to have boys."
To honor my all-time high giddiness at this very moment, I thought a random post would be fitting since I can't seem to concentrate on anything right now.
Obviously there have been new things learnt and new skills conquered almost every week of her life. I think it's the sudden independence that has given me the heads-up. Though the slight feeling of starting to become superfluous to (some of) her needs excites me rather than fills me with pangs of nostalgia for nappies and breast feeding.
Decades before the word jazz was first used to describe a music genre a star was born to outshine all his contemporaries. Buddy Bolden was a cornet player who many credit for being the first improviser and the first jazzman to ever walk the surface of the Earth.
Charlotte will do 30 minute lessons for Eme for $10 a week. $40 a month is SO much better... I texted her asking about starting that up in April. She said any day except Wednesday. Sounded good to me!
The nymphs are dark green or brown, but are usually found covered in algae. They feed on aquatic invertebrates such as mayfly larvae and small crayfish, and also on small aquatic vertebrates such as tadpoles and minnows. Because of their abundance, whitetail naiads are in turn an important food source for various fish, frogs and birds, and also for other aquatic insects.
All you need is:
Ok Ok, they are actually pretty cool. I guess I will admit they are kind of fun to watch. But I am not too worried, they only live about a year. We already had a funeral for one of them. He has a nice head stone and flowers out in the yard.
However, the spokesman said no racist comments had been directed at the victim.
Back when I was pregnant with my third child, I got a job as a GED teacher at a drop-in center for homeless youth in Minneapolis. Now, it doesn't take very much time trolling through Google - its deep undergrowth of studies and statistics and reports, its wide canopy of articles and profiles and sob stories - to know that the stats on homeless kids really, really suck. They're at risk for HIV and Hep-C. They're at risk for prostitution and sex trafficking. They're at risk for overdoses. And violence. And pregnancy. And lifelong poverty. They're at risk for everything.
At Siwanoy Country Club, par 36
i think this was Penang Upper Street; photo taken after clubbing at Mois. awesome weekend getaway to the island, and now all i am doing is pining for the rm2.30 wantan mee.
My rating of the movie is a 4 out of 5. You can check it out at your local video store or on Netflix Instant. If you try it, I’m very sure you’ll enjoy it as well.
S: Tell us about your educational background.
Since its inception, the IFMCA has grown to comprise over 50 members from countries as diverse as Australia, Belgium, Canada, Cyprus, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the United States of America.
An ancient evil rejoiced in Bethany's Sin. A horror that happened only at night...and only to men.
Moon simply continued to bark out his frustration!
Next Week:A Tale of Two Parties
Now grab the button and link-up your Fitness Friday posts to share about your fitness journey! And if you have a moment...take some time to visit the links below and spread the love by encouraging these other awesome ladies that are joining in!
Recently I invested in a cute pair of fish gill earrings – LOVE them. I didn’t take the dangling things out for my entire holiday, I mean, they totally suited the by-the-ocean-poolside theme so why would I? (as seen here)
The corporate media and progressives in power and public influence deflected any due diligence background investigation of this unknown by frequently calling upon the race issue, which remains a very effective tactic today. Yet, the legitimate questions that have been asked yet never answered have absolutely nothing to do with race, but of concern for our country.
In truth, upon reading Yergin's latest missive to the world's policy elite, I found myself utterly bored. Could this man ever say something that would upset anyone other than a small group of activists who are extremely worried about oil supplies peaking before the end of this decade? I doubt it. He is paid to soothe, and these days so soothing is his writing that it should be placed next to the Sominex on the drugstore shelf.
alongbine: If we ever get the chance to be in the same room (physically) comments like that could be dangerous for you – I’ve gutted a deer more than twice, so removal of YOUR equipment would be easy.
While she ate we talked about rainbows and how they are made with the help of my handy dandy weather book I found at Goodwill. Did you know a rainbow is what you see when sunlight has been bent and spread apart by millions of falling raindrops? Isn't that cool?
‘cause everybody knows
I hate you so much
Surprisingly, I’m feminine (laughs). My hobbies are cooking and knitting. I also gave mufflers that I knitted to the members and staff.
I’d rather be weak and willing to admit that among people who don’t have the hope of Christ then playing perfect and happy.
1 cup of cooked quinoa
finding all that’s ours
Good times….I always love it when my parents or friends come to visit. It will be nice when I move into my new place, though, and have an extra bedroom and more space!
3.Dr Jekyll Mr Hyde (produced By Claws)
March we found a new place. And moved. And had a very special party for my very special one-year-old. He's a boy now I tell ya. Not so much a baby. But a little boy. He kills me.
We’ll be using Skype to do voice chat during this meetup. So if you don’t have an account, add one for free at skype.com. Then add StreetPassArkansas to your contact list.”
The other night my daughter saw me getting ready for school and seemed a little upset crying when I did my hair and makeup because she knew. She new I would be leaving her and tonight was a 'daddy tucks me in only night'. As I bent down to give her a kiss goodbye she started crying so hard. I knew she loved me and I my heart ached that she did not want me to go. My initial reaction was to stay and skip class, then I thought of her future. If I did not go, I would be hurting my career as a student. I remembered that I am doing this for her. I am getting my education for her, so she and her sister can have a better future filled with after school activities, family vacations, college, a wedding. I am going to school so I can provide a better future for her and my family. Once I remembered that these tears are only temporary and she wont even remember this in a few years, I bent down and spoke to her. I told her what I was doing, and who this was for. I explained that she probably wont understand a word I just said as she will be 2 in only a few days. I gave her a big bear hug, attempted to kiss her again and left. My heart did still ache as I heard her cry once more, but I knew what I needed to do.
With the baby news, Ryan and I have an exciting year ahead. We find out the sex of the baby next week and I have begun throwing room ideas around.
From within in the shadows
Given James Cameron’s track record of attacking Christianity, and specifically Christ’s resurrection in the roundly discredited documentary, The Lost Tomb of Jesus, it should not be surprising that he would write and direct a $300 million dollar propaganda piece that promotes the worship of nature and spirits.
Thanks to everyone who has purchased items from me. I realllly do appreciate it. Without you guys I wouldn't be able to buy all of these great things for my students.
The annual 5K run and 2-mile walk benefits the Justin Cruz Scholarship Foundation, named in memory of organizer Michele Cruz’s son, Justin. Justin was a college-bound athlete from Wall Township when he died at the age of 17 in a one-vehicle accident in October 2005, when he lost control of his truck and went off the road.
But all in all, I am human and this is me
HQ Kites and Designs
Check the chicken!
Me: (hitting head against wall) Yeah, well, I have to run. Thanks for talking (sarcastically).
The pants seem to be about say 3-4 inches below the normal
In that moment of revelation God revealed to me the “secret” that had been driving me all those years and what had put in place my enslavement to perfectionism. In exchange for letting Him show me the secret that had been hiding in my heart I experienced the gift of I know, that I know, that I know – I AM LOVEABLE and LOVED .
The reason I am writing about this on this web site is that I want to focus on the things money can’t buy. The truly great people, places and things of B.C. won’t require money. A lot of them will require money but you will be able to appreciate them or honour them through this web site.
The path of escape is clear. Blow the trumpet. Its sound will not disturb the pure. Those who wait for you will not be able to withstand it.
5. My bum's really small, but yours is very big.
Mia Jones
04/16/2007 47.90
See, she’s about to meet the rest of the gang, and he’s worried about how they’d react. As Barney’s bro, Ted takes an oath that he won’t reveal either this or how she’s tricked Barney in the past. Bro + oath = “broath”.
Then one of our venues in Hanover Park had no functioning telephone line but the Auntie across the road stepped in and let us use her telephone line!
Yes, it's true. Scott and I tagged along (and Slade) for the entire date. I wasnt going to miss out. We asked her the night before if we could dress up and go. Her response, "You guys can't go to homecoming because you are already married. Just come in your work out clothes."
Somewhere in the distance
2. Use each other as a sounding board for your purchases and make sure you REALLY want something before taking the plunge.
26. Window shop
Mom saved the day!
It’s a very tough sell, especially as Auslander is writing in the comic style - although it’s fair to say, I think, that the humour is of a very black pitch. For example, the first chapter is something of a very short prologue, about a man suffocating to death in a house fire. Chapter Two then opens with: ‘Solomon Kugel was lying in bed, thinking about suffocating to death in a house fire, because he was an optimist … Hope, said Professor Jove, was Solomon Kugel’s greatest failing.’
But every once in a while, a query would stand out. There’s no rhyme or reason to it, but they nearly always follow Jenny’s guidelines to a T. Those stellar books were worth hours of slogging through the queries pile. They made me rush to the “Fwd:” button and zip a copy off to Jenny with glee and then I’d wait by my inbox salivating, hoping I’d get a chance to read the novel in question.
Mail and Guardian 20 April 2012.
Rogue Brewery / Brewer's on the Bay Mocha Porter
Nokia Music Store
But I realized as I was reading everyone's posts that many of us are in a certain stage of our blogging careers. When you've done something for years, there are bound to be points where you feel burnt out or annoyed or totally overwhelmed. And you may vacillate back and forth between those stages.
1 Tbsp. sugar, divided
...Whisper an "I love you" to your maker.
15And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
You will be so lonely, thinking only of yourself
9-11 was horrible but this story is just as bad. John Wells, who works for CIA is sent to Afghanistan to infiltrate the enemy. His skin color and his knowledge of the koran and able to speak their language help him fit in with the army. No one believes him and he won’t trust anyone.
One so white and peaceful,
Before 3121, this was considered his comeback album, the one that made him a household name again. More soul than pop, it reached number five in the US, a charting Prince hadn’t seen in years.
What’s better than this star power? The film is directed by the great, Joss Whedon (Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Angel, Firefly, and Dollhouse TV series).
The Car: The Heart of America
for the next few days until launch, we'll be teasing out bits here and there,
Except in Your presence and before Your face.
Anyway, I was selected to take a picture of the man clan as two men had to bolt.
It is fully dark, at the end of an idyllic Sunday spent with my grandmother (Nana) on the boat.
There was no telling how long I stood in the center of the cabin, staring at the books I couldn't touch, surrounded by cold and dust and someone else's life. And his deaths right outside the door. As long as I didn't move, as long as I didn't think about anything but the point right in front of me--the spine of a red book--I didn't hurt. (p. 54)
If you look back through the blog, you will see that Buller has been to school, he has been camping, and hiking, biking, down the Mississippi River in a canoe. Buller was at family celebrations, and listened to bedtime stories snuggled in a loft bed.
Now it is your turn to bring some love over to CMC and join us for come coloring fuN!
I originally wrote this post several months ago. But, when it came time to share it - my heart was too raw to really share it with a right heart. Last week, God brought this whole thing to mind again and I was reminded that I don't want to forget how I witnessed God's hand. And, I want my children to hear my testimony of His grace.
02. Crystal
Trainer: Stuart Crawford IRE Breeder: Donal Murphy Jockey: Robert Power
4) “It’s all about the networking”
For by repeating o’er the Same again,
38And from the tribe of Gad, Ramoth in Gilead, the town where the taker of life might be safe, and Mahanaim with their grass-lands;
There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
We officially started Harem Weekend in Epcot (shocked?) on Friday evening by doing the Wine Walk – you get to sample two small glasses (2 ounce pours) of wine in each of three countries – it’s a fun way to explore World Showcase… and have a few beverages at the same time…
Lettuce will get you the biggest bang for your buck plus it’s super simple to grow. Think about it. If you spend a couple bucks to plant lettuce, you’ll make that money back the first time you make a salad from your garden. Lettuce is a cool season crop and needs just six inches of soil to grow.
*I do not like resolutions, but I feel my blog may need one. I am beginning my 5th year of blogging and have resolved not to do Project 365, instead I am going to do Project 180. I will try my very best to blog 180 times this year. Keep me on top of this, OK?
Katherine Jenkins and Mark Ballas: 29 (10, 9, 10) + 10 = 39
So at the end of the day, the question bears asking: was justice served when bin Laden was killed?
Now, my friends and I joke around a lot. It is one thing to joke around with a group of friends when you’re all together; it is another thing to poke fun at my situation over the internet for other people to see.
For starters, I got stalled on my WIP again. After starting this novel with so much promise and writing like my fingers were on fire, planning for months, and dissecting my first book until I knew every little thing I did wrong, I still couldn't see the forest for the trees in my second attempt. Now, halfway through, I've discovered my plots are too thin and I can't carry them through to the end because I have no idea where I'm going.
Well, this is the posting your have all been waiting patiently for, this is it, the list of the lucky winners of the Birthday Blog Hop.
Pours an opaque black with amber to ruby highlights. Pours thinly, like a standard stout, and has a small light tan head that isn't too reminiscent of an imperial stout either. Good deep, vinous smell though. That puts it closer to a porter to my tastes, but as long as it starts getting more substantial that's all I care about. Roasted grain smell and alcohol are the most prominent smells aside from the tannins.
OG: 25 Plato
All these thoughts went through my mind as we drove home the other day – dancing along as best I could while in the driver’s seat – listening to Bolero.
The hill in my own way
On this day in 1982 the joke/smiley face emoticon is born.
We are indebted to the Mahavamsa of the sixth century CE for this tale. This particular detail is all the more remarkable because Dutugämunu is presented therein as a Sinhala Buddhist saviour who had rescued the island from foreign Tamil rule and unified it under one parasol for the benefit of the Buddhist dispensation.[viii]
I say this underestimates both craft brewing and the American beer drinker. In fact, if you paraphrase Crouch's piece and substitute "microbrews" for "session beers," it reads almost exactly like it was written by a smug mainstream brewer in 1992: micros get lots of press but they don't actually sell; ales aren't American and they're heavy so most Americans won't like them; they cost more than anyone's going to pay; the whole idea's too complicated because we really just want to drink a beer; it's too much work for a bar to carry or a bartender to answer questions about so it won't work.
It was one of those Saturdays when I had to nudge myself out the door. Time after time in recent months I had, I felt, wasted gas driving around to thrift stores to only come across the same old tired junk in place after place. There is however the awareness that this business is inherently random and to succeed you have to be consistent and forge ahead. Whenever I have come across a great find it has always taken me off-guard; coming out of the blue in a sense. The usual outcome is to find nothing. That becomes your default expectation. That's a good thing too because otherwise you would be constantly disappointed.
One aspect that could have improved this collection? It begins with many eloquent essays from catalogues of photographic exhibits. Yet, few photos are included. This forces a reader to rely more on Dyer's evident skill with words to tell us what is shown, but often, it's frustrating to have so few examples as illustrations. That being said, William Gedney's power as an artist leaps off the printed page, thanks to Dyer's verbal skill.
Black is a little harsh for my coloring so the first color I tried was Stash (a greenish/gold) and it wasn’t just the gorgeous color that won me over, it was the product as a whole. 24/7 Glide is the softest and creamiest liner I have ever used-no pressing or stretching of your lids to get a nice even application. And because it goes on so soft and so easy, I was initially concerned that it would smudge or melt away during the day, but that was not the case at all. This liner lasts, and lasts, and lasts. It doesn’t smear or fade away-it looks exactly the same when I take it off at night as it does when I put it on in the morning. And while I probably shouldn’t admit this, I have had several lazy nights where I have slept in my make up (yikes!) but wake up with it looking exactly the same as it did the day before. And perhaps even more amazing than that, despite its staying power, it comes off easily with eye makeup remover or face wash in the shower.
To peel him off of me, I had to promise he could come back when I’d be better prepared to carve out a good eighth of my waking hours to learn about the advantages of Guardian Gutters (or perhaps it was Gutter Guardians). Now, only hours from the appointed time, I was going to back out.
May 1
For all the world
We don't know a whole lot about composting but I am sure we will be learning quickly...
Harlan Ellison – Mefisto In Onyx
As always the Big Guy and I worked like demons the last couple of days before Christmas Eve to get everything wrapped, all the Christmas decor up and pretty, all of my Christmas plates and serving pieces washed and set out, the food shopped for and ready to serve, the tree completely decorated, floors vacuumed, last minute pick-up, etc. etc. Ratchlet and her family were due at about 5:30 and she called at 5:20 to say that they would be a little late due to traffic and an accident on the roadway. I was just finishing putting on my make-up at 5:20 when she called. So we actually made the deadline with a few minutes to spare! Yay! I was very pleased.
I had a dream about you, you were wearing this red dress and we were sitting at a piano and I could tell we hadn’t seen each other in a long time.
Chief Executive Officer
Brewery: Bieraria Tschlin, Tschlin, Switzerland
At midlife, the social ‘script’ insists that we’re supposed to adopt a rueful tone–Oh, that first crow’s foot, that first strand of gray. It’s simply more acceptable for women to be self-deprecating about the signs of aging. But when was the last time you heard an older woman say, in public–’Actually, getting older is more than tolerable–it’s great!’ Let alone: ‘I really like it.’
For the borrowings I racked up that I promised you I'd pay
One thing evident by these before shots: we're lazy. Very very lazy.
Then the market for young adult novels changed. No longer were publishers interested in coming of age stories that were gentle in tone despite the tough circumstances my characters experienced. Instead they wanted “edgy” dystopian tales of life in a bleak landscape. Stories about teen prostitutes, drug abuse, alcoholism. Stories featuring vampires, werewolves, and zombies. Stories that I could not imagine handing to my young nieces, stories that I had no desire to write.
If assets become available either before or after bankruptcy, Curado says, “We would certainly take a serious look in how that could leverage our ramp up of our own executive jet business.”
I have wanted to use cold cream for a while now, but I kept chickening out, thinking it would make me break out. I didn't understand how using cream could remove make-up well without causing acne. Then I did a google search on cold cream and those blogs I found talking about it LOVED it.
- Seeing this amazing lady play live at the Deaf Institute in Manchester...
Key Players: Wes Eikmeier (15.6 ppg), Dorian Green (13.5 ppg), Greg Smith (9.7 ppg, 5.3 rpg), Pierce Hornung (8.7 ppg, 8.4 rpg), Will Bell (8.4 ppg)
I miss you when I’m scared that I’m not going to find anyone. I miss the woman who would say to me – of course you will find someone. You are special, and you will find someone who will love you in the way that you deserve. I miss the woman who really believed that a love that was strong enough to overcome almost everything was possible. That woman didn’t have hardly any role models to show her it was true, but she somehow believed she was going to be the exception. That he was going to be the exception – the man who wouldn’t let her down, no matter what.
~Each month I would like to sew a new outfit and mend an old one.
Joe's Brewhouse is in a small strip center with The Office Bar, a wine bar, a restaurant and an antique shop. Look for the small grain silo on the porch.
Sensors will be set up on a 30-storey building in North Kensington and a 14-storey building in Chelsea, in the west of the city, as well as a third location which is yet be determined.
Did this little carve out go towards JD Alexander’s little project? Evers doesn’t say where this phantom money is coming from. The mixed signals on what effect Scott’s veto will have on funding leaves this fall’s opening up in the air. Lets take a look at who will be affected.
you trust him.
Don't get me started on stances. Having a traditional karate background, my stances were far too long and wide for the liking of the Sensei's at the seminar.
However, John’s use of both the neuter form of heis along with the plural verb form of eimi (esmen, “we are”) dispels any attempt of trying to turn the Father and the Son into a single Person. John’s use of hen which is in the neuter gender, as opposed to masculine heis, clearly demonstrates that their unity is not in terms of Personhood but in respect to their essence, e.g. they are not the same Person but two distinct Persons that share the same essence fully and equally.
No, seriously. I am finally leaving the world of bartending behind for good. I first started as a bartender over eight years ago as a way to pay the rent through college. I've had so many amazing (and not so amazing) experiences. I've met an incredible amount of people, both sober and not so sober, along the way. The time has finally come where I set down my bar key and take the bar rag out of my back pocket for the last time.
230 CE – The first writing of a Greek cheesecake recipe was done by Athenaeus in 230 CE. It was as simple as it had been thousands of years ago: pound the cheese until it was smooth and pasty, mix the cheese with honey and wheat flour, heat the entire thing as one mass, cool, and serve.
While most of his friends are going to be Darth Vader, Iron Man and zombies, Hayden has decided that he must be Moses.
Ok, but back to the scalloped potatoes, I made this this morning and put them in a crock pot so they would be ready when I got home from work. When I got home from work I realized that I left out the butter so I decided to use the softened butter to make some cookies. I decided I should try the lemon cookies I had just seen at The Sweet Spot.
my pants are not pressed
Such depictions are radioactive as many Muslims believe that Islamic teachings forbid showing images of Muhammad.
Do you have dreams that you’ve long given up on? Dreams that you don’t dare revisit because of past disappointments and pain? Bring them back to the Master Designer (God) and ask Him about it. I truly believe that those who seek sincerely will find because “He is a rewarder of those who diligently seek Him.”
Part of the reason I found this novel compelling in that Austenian way is how Kowal manages to create such organic relationships between characters. When it comes to romance, it’s not telegraphed who Jane will end up with or even who is and is not an eligible suitor—Jane’s two options crop up organically during the novel. Part of the fun of reading Shades of Milk and Honey is watching how Jane’s relationships with both men develop naturally, and, of course, hoping that Jane picks… well, telling you what team I was on will spoil you, especially since I was on the winning team—but it’s a well-earned, loving, and equal relationship well worth rooting for. Now that’s how I like my romance! But Jane’s relationship with her sister, Melody, is just as organic, as is her mentorship of Beth, a contemporary of her sister’s. (Her mother, a Mrs. Bennet 2.0, doesn’t fair as well.) Jane envies her sister her beauty, although her rationality and clearheadedness keeps her from ever using glamour to change her physical appearance, and Melody envies Jane her intellectual talents. While it’s tempting to compare Jane and Melody to Elinor and Marianne from Sense and Sensibility, their sisterly relationship feels more equal to me.
Academic historians are establishment ideologues not objective investigators. Starkey had “ Disgraced the academic world”, they claimed? The academic world has been in disgrace for a long time. The treatment of Dr James Watson after his "controversial" remarks stands out as a particularly strong sign of how institutions that are supposed to be about facts and truth have been promoting the orthodox ideology as in Communist countries. Rather than refute any of Watson's claims they attacked him personally, even suggesting he was going senile, and David Starkey's hero David Lammy criticised him ideologically, but not on factual grounds. This Nobel prize winner, co-discover of DNA was being insulted by semi-educated journalists. Now the same thing is happening to Starkey because broke the most important Establishment taboo. The 100 signatures mean nothing; facts to do not change because weak-minded and biased people want them to. The truth is not a democracy where you can collect signatures to decide what really went on. The signatories resort to assumptions:
Elizabeth I is something of enigma. Whatever personal beliefs she may have held and whatever practices she may have permitted in her royal chapel, the Church of England became Protestant and Reformed in faith during her reign. God blessed Elizabeth with a long reign. He spared her from her enemies who wished to drag her from the English throne and install a Catholic monarch upon it. England would prosper under her rule.
I love old time hymns sung acapella and the Issac's always do a great job.
I was not disappointed by the movie. I was glad I had read it in advance, partly because I knew what Katniss was thinking from the book, and her thoughts were not narrated in the movie, but also because I knew when to avert my eyes, because I knew when the deaths and injuries would occur. My daughters laughed at me, watching the scenes wide-eyed. Watching sideways, I could see not too much was shown. (“No gratuitous violence”, one review had promised.)
Movement? Lots of movement...I feel him everyday which is awesome. The best part of last week was that Matt got to feel him move a few times too! It was so sweet :)
Concrete Jungle Boy
This past week has been full of good friends and good times. I went to a movie with a girlfriend last week (the mom of one of Jerry's friends). A friend from college came up on Friday and we hung out, had dinner, then enjoyed a bottle of wine on the deck while we watched the stars come out as a garden spider spun his web right at the end of the deck. (We saw a Mickey Mouse balloon float by, too.) Monday I had lunch with a friend who has been MIA for the last year. It was great to catch up and she brought me some homemade nectarine/lemon verbena jam that is absolutely amazing. (I'm eating it on toast now!) Yesterday I visited my grandma for a couple hours. Here we are. I love my grandma. I really need to visit her more often. (I also really need to start working out--look at the size of that giant, fat arm!)
she saw a power and a responsibility that
$0.75 off Pillsbury Grands! Biscuits
So does that mean my lust for success has been sated?
Meanwhile, in Paris this morning the allegations get wilder still from the DSK camp. My informant is, to be honest, on the outer fringes of the Strauss-Kahn supporters club, but he remains firm about black ops against his hero:
Oh...and Klein and I schooled 3'6" today :) She didn't touch a thing! She just flew right on over. I'll post more on that in the next blog.
This one is mislabeled as the final pool game. It's not. This is part of the first game vs. Minnesota Fats. If you haven't seen this movie or haven't seen it in a while, it's on Netflix. Great movie.
Producer: Chris Eldon Lee
Back in this post I promised I would share some pictures of the vintage salt and pepper shakers I received from grandma a little awhile ago. Well, I'm finally getting around to showing you all of them. They all date from the 1930s and 1940s and were part of a collection my Grandma (Dad's mom) started when she was a little girl. The collection was recently split between two of my cousins, my aunt and myself and I am so excited to have some of these pieces in our home! Here's an overview of them all.
Page Count: 432
Ten minutes later, we were at the corner of 1st and M NE, in front of the CVS, when we saw the boy bike past us again. Jaime saw a police cruiser coming south on 1st Street, and I flagged them down. The police asked me to jump in, and we headed the wrong way down M Street toward North Capitol, where the boy was headed.
my day of stitching has begun.
Denmark 22%
"and I love you, I love you, I love you like never before."
We are the abandoned hesitation of all those who can't wait
In another shop, the owner was on the phone explaining to someone about a channeling the dead class and I immediately thought of Hendrix and Joplin and Morrison and even Mama Cass whose amazing, disembodied voice I would hear later in still another useless chatchka emporium.
NewCon Press; Ian Whates
Traci Heim who was the REASON why we had our Mulligan Stew and JACK WAS 'SITTING AT OUR FEAST' ALONGSIDE HER PRECIOUS TREASURES because I could not leave my precious Jack out! Traci - who knew that their family didn't qualify for him or they would have rowed across the ocean to get him... Traci - who broke down and cried for one lonely little boy and GOD USED THOSE TEARS to BREAK DOWN THE WALLS of resistance and fear for ONE FAMILY who is now calling Jack THEIR SON.
This weekend I went to the IMATS with a couple of friends. I had never been before but I heard a lot of good reviews about it from an American friend of mine, who said it was a big thing in the States.
Also if he wishes to be president then he must have the courage to defend himself and his colleagues against outside forces like stupid conservative religously obsessed groups especially when their against the humanrights of a colleague !
It had been decided before I ever left for Ecuador, that Allison would come and visit me and that we would go traveling. Over the course of the first 8 months, Steven and I began to talk more and more to the point that he decided that he too, wanted to come and visit. Then my friend Julie realized that her friend Scott was living about 4 hours from where I lived, so it was just natural that she would come too.
Sally Field easily won the hometown date. Her Texas was a good Texas. Her family, even if divorced, seemed really functional and her mother’s face still held up well (the rest not so much). The best part was that her dad was like Tom Hanks, which was so Kevin Bacon because Sally Field was Tom Hanks’ mother in Forrest Gump. Well, more a Tom Hanks vibe than look. The dad was so cool and nice, I was pretty much not going to say anything bad. Nikki told Ben she loved him, which she will soon regret, but not as much as the frozen sex in Switzerland. She looked pretty once she took off the disco ball and Ben clearly had some “moments where marrying Nikki didn’t feel like a life of death”.
I'm not sure I even want 72 virgins. I think maybe 4 or 5 virgins, and the rest very warm, loving women.
I’ve spent a lot of time over the past few weeks reading about the professional soldier and some of the issues faced by the US Army in managing the professional force. The number of articles on the topic suggests there is an issue that needs to be addressed.
Last week when I took a day off from work for a quick trip across the causeway to JB with my colleague, I picked up this cute little bottle from Etude House!
1/4 teaspoon dried crushed oregano
Looking forward to hanging with the kids! More info upon my return!
The week slowly rolled into Thursday night. I’d texted Fang on Tuesday, wishing him luck on an open mic he was to perform at with his band. He was on guitar and vocals. Early on when we were texting frequently he sent me some of his music. It was reminiscent of the Smashing Pumpkins. His singing voice I found both cute and sexy. No response had come, worrying me that he wasn’t interested anymore. That night I finally heard back. I received a long, two part text explaining his week and apologizing for his untimeliness and poor attempts to hang out. He needed time to put some things in his life back together. His message was unequivocally clear. It did not matter the reasons, we currently were not going to work out.
I have a hard time verbalizing my feelings, which is why I prefer to write them down. Being pregnant has been hard, because my hormones seem to intensify my emotions. I feel my emotions much more strongly than ever before, which makes it challenging to control them and properly evaluate them. I have had a lot on my mind recently, but I have not felt comfortable talking about this with anyone, because I didn’t think that people would understand. As a result of bottling up my emotions, I’ve hurt those around me, because I have been unhappy and angry with myself. I'm sorry for my actions and am thankful that God's working on me!
Because they know that constitutional change isn't esoteric – The constitution is the bedrock on which economic, social and ethical issues stand.
The GDP was up 3.2 percent in the January-March quarter. The biggest component of growth in that quarter came from consumer spending, which rose at the fastest pace in three years. Consumer spending accounts for 70 percent of total economic activity.
This Video displays a good representation of his un-failing love for you…
AUTHOR’S NOTE: I’ve been going to the roundups of our wild horses (the Bureau of Land Management is removing the wild horses from their federally protected Herd Management Areas, then leasing the same land for $2 an acre for oil and gas lease sales, or permitting new mining and mining expansions to foreign owned companies). Some ranchers think these wild horse roundups will help them gain more grazing for their livestock. I think the wild horses are the canary in the coal mine. Ranchers, your cattle and sheep will be next. As go these American icons that stand as symbols of our freedom, so goes our freedom.
If they saw you at your worst
The next big purchases are a sofa and dining chairs
I sat in the doctor’s office looking across at him with the guillotine of my own guilt hanging above me by a thread. I willed him to point at me and scream “Bad Mother! Bad Mother!” I needed someone else to judge me and mete out the appropriate justice. Instead the doctor simply told me that Donna required surgery. A Bilateral Gastrocnemius Slide Operation to be exact. They would cut muscles and tendons to allow lengthening and her legs would be cast in plaster for six weeks after which she would be required to wear splints in her shoes for a while. So I cried. I cried for my baby who would suffer for my neglect.
Anonymous used to mean something, you know? Fire. The wheel. Beowulf and The Book of Job and some of the best pornography mankind ever produced. That was us. We've been writing and inventing our asses off for thousands of years to make the world a better place... and now you people come along and suddenly we're screwing around with YouTube videos? We've gone from creating written language to rickrolling the Church of Scientology? Is this how you keep the legacy alive?
It's a team approach, so there's a licensed Mental Health person, an Equine Specialist, and a horse or horses. The client (or clients) come in, are given a task (for instance, go get a horse and bring it over here), and the MH and ES step back and watch what happens. The MH person is watching the people, while the ES person watches the horses and looks for Shifts, Patterns, Uniqueness, Discrepancies, and/or Self-awareness.
I don't even know if this post makes sense...mostly I needed to vent. But can anyone promise me that this will not last forever? That I will once again be able to sleep for longer than 2-hour intervals and that he will eventually sleep through an entire night??????
The Breakdown: My suggestion to business owners that are unsure how to manage and engage their online audience is pretty simple. It only takes about two hours a week and can really make your businesses blog and social sites a place where your audience can gain new information about things related to your business. They will really appreciate the small extra steps you’re taking for them and that will only lead to a larger, more engaged and more active online audience.
In this corner of a garden
State police in St. Lawrence County say the shooting occurred around 5 p.m. Sunday in the rural town of Stockholm when 25-year-old Shawn Mossow of neighboring Norfolk relented to his friend's repeated requests and shot him once in the right leg with a .22-caliber rifle.
But many analysts agree that profits on that scale are very unlikely in the case of airlines.
Yet in a 2011 interview with comedian Jon Stewart (in which Stewart attributed his comedic success partly to peoples' disappointment with the news media), Fox anchor Chris Wallace said: "I don't think our viewers are the least bit disappointed with us. I think our viewers think, finally, they're getting somebody who tells the other side of the story."
Now you just say, "Oh Romeo? Yeah, you know I used to have a scene with him".
Masekela was a co-founder of Chisa Records, 1965 and leader/member of numerous musical groups.
“I suppose. As long as they are followers of the Lord Jesus Christ”
We seize control of the government and do the following: Cancel all government debts using the seized assets of bankers and the traitors who assisted them plus the money held by government agencies listed at www.CAFR1.com. Debt cancellation will cut 500 billion dollars a year in federal interest payments and help balance local budgets. Take 3 trillion dollars of those seized assets and use them to cancel $20,000 in debts for every adult citizen who is not in prison. Take another 3 trillion dollars and use it to pay the taxes of the first $100,000 of income for a family of four. Release the advanced technologies the Secret Government has been working with since they inherited Nicola Tesla’s labs and notes in January of 1943. We will also need to seize the Federal Reserve and end fractional reserve banking. By issuing a non-interest bearing currency, we will be able to spend 500 billion dollars a year into circulation. This money plus the revenue on tariff designed to protect all those new industries created by the release of sequestered technology will help pay off pensions. The Tesla technology should cut utility bills by 2/3rds. We can issue stock in the new technology corporations and give that to people under 40 to fund their Social Security which will be held for them in co-operative trusts never to be touched by either politicians or anyone from Wall Street.
But on the bus, the Aussie asked our Bus Captain, Damo, if the was a way the Aussie could delay his trip by a week, and stay with me in Croatia. Damo, in all of his wonders, called the BusAbout offices, and told them he had never seem “something like this – two people have fallen for each other.” After sharing his version of our love story to the BusAbout management, they agreed to swop the departure date, so now the Aussie was going to stay with me in Croatia! I had already pre-paid for a bunch of hotels, so I would get the chance to spoil the Aussie for once.
Presented by the Council of Canadians Edmonton Chapter, co-sponsored by the Parkland Institute.
Prioritising is the key - a key never discovered by surprising number of otherwise resolute entrepreneurs. If you will not prioritise your tasks for the day, the week, the month(even for the year) and execute them on the basis of their relative importance, you remain at the mercy of your idle subconscious and happenstance.
As much as I love this verse, it plagues me just the same. I think of it when I'm flipping through the radio while I drive or when I'm standing in front of the RedBox picking out our date night movie. As challenging as it is, I want to become closer to God this year by following this verse and dwelling on positive things that will bring me closer to Him.
See, over at Mission: iPossible!, we ran an iPad giveaway over the past two weeks right? Well, at first I was like...hmm...I really screwed up here, because since I have been in La-La Land for a couple of months and not given this organization what I should have, and lots of other things in my Life, it is NOT getting the attention it really could be. SO there were not a lot of entries for the 2 iPads that Heather had managed to procure through donation.
I have come to realize that God is sovereign, and there are things I just don’t understand.
you have to make your way all the way back to HPW and then once you are there,
I was born and lived all of my life on a peninsular with magnificent beaches but great views of our deep water port on one side and an ocean fed river and inner port on the other side.
‘Gymnastik‘ (there will probably be a purple ball involved and some stretching). It will most likely be a great way to practice new German words.
6.Hing : a pinch
One of my favorite recipes, I'm a big fan of cheeses specially on pizza and lasagna when milted in the oven, it's so easy and so quick, you can do it anytime.
# Double up this recipe if you want to spread a double layer cake, or you may use a smoother frosting recipe from here.
When Irish hearts are happy
And even though I have my favorites, I find that I love some many -I love the varieties in their color, their texture, and their height.
Moving on to the second part of my post. For this last month that I’ve worked on the CSA blog and spoken to friends and forwarded posts and shared them on FB, I’ve had so many people nod vehemently and then take me aside and deeply concerned, ask me, ‘Are you sure this is the right thing to do? To talk to your child about this kind of stuff? Aren’t you taking away their innocence? Filling their heads with all sorts of ideas.’
Despite being rather short, I have never got the hang of wearing heels. Enter my new wedges! I am already obsessed and don’t have to worry about falling flat on my face during graduation!
Babybird You’re gorgeous UK
arrive, they are bringing supplies and sharing in the effort to bring it all together…. the crystal drum camp…. that is
Alex’s response was: “I hadn’t thought that it may be like that for reviewers. We certainly seem to have got our fair share of reviews but, if it’s putting people off, it’s something to look at, definitely.”
to stay in touch.
And there are several now.
From dough ball, pull a ping-pong ball sized piece. Shape and roll about an 1" thick disc between plastic wrap. Fill carefully with about Tablespoon of filling mixture. Fold over to one side to cover filling and seal. This should take on a crescent moon shape.
Stumbling to the front of the class where my teacher sits (pretending not to troll Facebook) I ask him if it’s too late to take the test, and he stands up and starts screaming at me that I have failed the class and am to leave, then proceeds to push me out of the 80th story window. Now I know what you’re thinking, how unrealistic is that? 80th story, no school has that kind of airspace.
The 4002 is a wonderful FACP ( Fire Alarm Control Panel). I like it because of it's Marchtime peizo.
And before we wrap, I’d be remiss to not add the irony of The Client List airing on Lifetime (television for women), considering Love’s The Rub attire is more like television for men… I’m just sayin’. And yes, I’m am a bit jealous. What woman doesn’t want to look like that in lingerie?
What Forster could not have foreseen in 1910 was the extent of the ugliness to come. We still have not understood how far at fault has been the prevalent assumption that cities could be improved by pillage of the countryside. But urban life and rural life have now proved to be interdependent. As the countryside has become more toxic, more eroded, more ecologically degraded and more deserted, the cities have grown uglier, less sustainable, and less livable.
Discussion References:
The NHS acknowledges that the trans community as a whole has one of, if not THE highest suicide rates of any group within the NHS. That and self-harm. Strangely, allow someone to transition, and that rate swiftly evaporates.
CHF 10?! J and I looked at each other - we didn't need to think about this long. We would have purchased the ribbon covers alone for that price (ours is missing one). So, we handed him the cash and rushed home, each with a typewriter in hand, barely believing our luck. At home with the haul:
Makes 10-12 burgers
It’s one thing to ask for a $25, $50 or $100 donation, but to ask for farmland, crops, IRAs and more!?! This kind of target marketing isn’t just disgusting, it is simply outrageous!
“Thank you.” She smiled at the old man.
“Now, when you pull on your sock,” he would say showing them through example, “I want you to make sure that there are no wrinkles or gaps,” as he put his own socks on. “Make sure your heel is full seated in the heel of the sock; run your hand over the toes and make sure to smooth out any bumpy areas.” Then he would show each player how to properly lace his shoes and tie them snugly so that there was no room for the shoe to rub or the sock to bunch up.”
Spirit Masters are the official ambassadors of WKU, work with the administration, alumni and community to provide a warm reception for guests and welcome every opportunity to promote WKU and exemplify the University’s motto, “The Spirit Makes the Master.”
Love and respect. My kids love and respect now, and I want them to continue into teenage years and adulthood. Love and respect goes a long way.
Okay, enough back story. The older three K girls live a fairly loose life style. Kourtney is on-again-off-again with her baby daddy, Scott. Kim is occasionally dragging some hunk in to spend the night—no shame on television. Guess I”m out-moded.
It was cool in the shade and it was time to leave but not before a middle-aged woman nimbly got up and approached me, pointing at my chest she asked, “Where you from?”
Before I leave home, I always double-check, triple check sometimes, to make sure everything that should be off is off. So I know when I get home exactly what the gang stalkers did while I was gone. There’s really not much they can do in my apartment. My apartment has very few things in it. I purposely don’t have much of anything. So there’s not much they can do to make me think I’ve lost it. I also take pictures of where I’ve placed everything, so if I doubt myself, all I have to do is look at my pictures.
She added before her performance: ‘Backstage getting ready for BGT! #EXCITED!’
The young man used his partial left foot that resembled a hand, and with which he has learned to type over 40 words a minute, to turn to Psalm 91 ... in case you haven't read that lately:
One day, the dog’s foster mom noticed this dog had a passionate need to search for and find things, and also to fetch them and bring them back. It wasn’t just like a normal game of fetch for this dog, either — she could toss a ball while he was tucked away out of sight, and he would miraculously appear primed-and-ready to go find whatever had just been tossed. He almost had a drive to go find things, like it was his purpose in life.
I tried this primer several different times many different ways. I tried applying with my finger, then waiting a few minutes to make sure it was totally dry before putting shadow on. I tried putting it on with a brush to see if that would work. I also tried setting it with a powder and got the same exact result. At $14 bucks a tube I was going to pull out all of the stops before deeming this product a flop!
Just as our dogs stayed, faithfully waiting for their masters to come and provide their needs, so should we wait and trust in God. Oh, there was rejoicing when we got home. They bounced and leaped, excited to see us, and we loved them intensely back. I ran and got food for them and even had to encourage them to eat for they, despite being desperately hungry, were more interested in crawling in my lap and being close. There is a lesson in this for me. Just as they trust in us, to the point perhaps of starving, so need I to trust in God, to truly believe He will take care of us and knows our needs even before we do. When things get bad, when situations all seem to go wrong, when church people who are supposed to love and care reject and gossip instead of doing what they know is right, I need to understand that God is still God. That He loves us even more than we love those dogs and will always lift us up. We pray every day for the pastor and others at Hosanna, intercede for them, ask God to be merciful but also ask that He help them see and understand how their actions directly contradict everything our faith is about. We are to lift up, not tear down, strengthen, not destroy.
One of our concerns is her poop is looking really mucus-y at times. I was just assuming that she's swallowing a lot of mucus right now, and instead of puking it out she's pooping it out (it's a wonderful visualization, I know). Since I'm definitely concerned about her weight, and her team is a bit concerned, they're going to start testing for some other possible conditions that could be in play other than the CF. Since we had to do her annual blood draw today, they're going to run a test for celiac disease at the same time. We don't think she has celiac, but they want to start there to rule out the possibility.
Making dumplings is a great way to get over that after-work slump of forgoing the dinner plans and diving into a bag of microwave popcorn (I fully admit to having done this), because even though it takes awhile, it's pretty easy, and I felt like a kid in science class watching an experiment! These two dough logs blow up and get all slimy in a big pot of boiling water. Don't worry, the slime subsides by the time they're ready to eat :)
· Place a great deal of emphasis on mysticism and hidden knowledge ( Gnosis)
DODGE - Drips Oil Drops Grease Everywhere
We've had a lovely weekend, breakfast with the boys (and their 'rents of course); bike riding, and today - a drive to do some antiquing. Didn't get anything but two books, but it was fun. Hope you had a lovely weekend - I'm tired and am heading for bed.
It is just a little short for the table, but I don't care.
with local Mali organizations;
9. Arrangement In Grey & Black
I was shocked! I was really thinking another little boy. Tim of course had to brag that he has been able to guess all 4 of the kids correctly. Nonetheless though we are ecstatic, and I cannot wait for Taylor to have a sister. I could not think of a better way to complete our family. 2 boys and 2 girl. Perfect!
Texas middle and high school authors and illustrators are encouraged to register with SPOT's Texas Author and Illustrator Directory. Note: you qualify if you currently live in Texas, have lived in Texas in the past or have created a Texas setting/topic book.
That goes for anything: a technique, a pattern, a cutting method, a design. If you teach it, expect it to be used for ANY reason.
I'm definitely guilty of putting pressure on myself to create the perfect room, the perfect home RIGHT NOW. Especially since I started blogging. Even if I could afford to run out and buy everything I want, I don't think I'd end up with the home I really want that way (if anyone wants to give me a bunch of money so I can test my theory - I'm in!). Rushing seems to lead to regrets. I can't tell you how many times I've rushed out to the store to buy something, only to realize that my room still doesn't look the way I want it to. Which leads to me rushing out to buy more stuff and now you're probably starting to understand why my garage is overflowing with crap. I know it will be difficult (for me), but I'm going to try to slow down this year and really think about what I want my home to look and function like, and what I need to do to make my home one I love.
So now my lesson is yours. I get such a kick out of personally learning something that I can pass on to you.
Not only is such a circumstance unfair to the organizer, it is also a disservice to members of the public who were unable to enter the hall for the conference.
Did you know that each half a cup of freshly squeezed fruit juice counts as a portion of fruits ? Thus, watch out your drinks as they can add up many unwanted calories!
However, the optimal situation would be to prevent children from being trafficked and violated in the first place. That requires that we as a society challenge the prevailing attitudes of men that females of any age and even boys are nothing more than objects for male sexual pleasure.
Mark – 11 (No immunity)
At one point he told the listeners that he's almost 70 years old and can't believe that he's still having to write about the issue of sexual identity and acceptance almost 25 years after A Prayer for Owen Meany. Irving, I think, even shocked Diane when he stopped just short of calling Americans neanderthals - I believe the word troglodytes may have been broached - when it comes to sexual mores.
We are organizing a new support network for metro Atlanta to:
A girl, grown fond, thought him too young to die.
Forest City Ratner is trying to have it both ways: on the one hand, this building seems blighted (and thus a justification for the exercise of eminent domain); on the other, this was a building where condo owners, according to the New York Times, doubled their money. Forest City Ratner wasn't paying handsomely for an empty shell; they were paying some upper middle-class residents who had invested in a nice apartment to hand over their apartments and to desist from any support of groups opposing the Atlantic Yards project.
He watched her on the camera that was set up next to the bed. He could see the desperation in her posture as he turned up the speed on his remote. He knew she wouldn't be able to touch herself in the right fashion to get off but wouldn't get enough stimulation from the vibrator alone. Focusing the camera closer to her face he could see small beads of perspiration forming at her brow and her hands were rubbing against herself but by the frustrated look on her face he could tell it was not working well for her.
Elizabeth: I write historical fiction I guess because from childhood I’ve always read biographies of historical figures and later historical fiction. It’s what I am drawn to.
I think I actually wear more maxi-dresses in the winter than the summer, which is the reverse of most people, but there is something really exciting about a long skirt in winter and a crumpled glamour about the possibility of getting the hem wet and dirty.
More often than in the past this is a tradition that is being skipped.
Perhaps the most outrageous news is that in spite of her vows of celibacy, the Born-Again-Virgin is going to live with her boyfriend of more than one year, Gino Paoletti. Bristol describes Gino as a “good guy” even though he has made racist remarks and disparaged those with Down’s Syndrome. Bristol is the same woman who has been a proponent of abstinence-only education. Now the “ambassador” of abstinence, who has had a child out of wedlock, is going to live with a boyfriend of over a year, all the while proclaiming herself to be a “Born-Again-Virgin.” It is unclear at this point if this “Trial Marriage” will be successful. Gino may not be happy being married to a “Born-Again-Virgin.” My only hope is that Bristol discloses to Tripp’s preschool teacher that she is a virgin, and that Gino is not Tripp’s dad, his dad is the one that “stole” her virginity during the camping trip, and that it is purely coincidence that Tripp shares his name with the woman who has written a book about her pimp, Grandpa Palin.
Afternoon snack was fairly late at 5pm but just what I needed for a burst of energy to finish dinner for the kids, put the washing away, make a chocolate cake (mix) for the poor dessert deprived people and sit with a coffee for a minute to make sure nothing is happening on the internet without me.
Went to Ziggy’s with the bottle. Drank it and ate all his cheese, ham and bread. Went back down the hill. Bought more wine, cheese and pretzels. Got 2 litres and more change than I paid…my karma says thank you. Don’t look that gift donkey straight in the teeth. I owe it to come back and pay back the hundred. Hey, but that wine is a little tannic. But I can see why it’s considered a Barolo clone or some such. Or Barolo is a clone of this grape. Pepper and delight. Must drag Tom here one day.
U.S. President Barack Obama bows to Tampa Mayor Pam Iorio at MacDill Air Force Base on Thursday, Jan. 28, 2010 in Tampa, Fla.
That we and Earth are not connected.
be nice.
And of course, all this has implications for the New Media age. McLuhan discussed media in terms of “extensions” of our very nature as humans. They–whether the telegraph or telescope, pen or iPad–are prosthetic devices that not only enable us to do things we’ve never done and go to places (like space) we’ve never been, but also change our very being. There are no secondary appendages that can be taken on and off willy-nilly while the core remains unchanged. Once the technological, prosthesis of media is in place, everything is changed and there is no going back.
Well, what a lovely morning I have had here at the Rubies' Place. Miss Lottie and I have been busy bees. Lottie has done so much colouring and building things with her new set of Mega Blocks that her Daddy bought her on the weekend, all the while chatting away to me...I really don't think she stops talking for more than a minute...or singing!!
The storyline jumps back and forth in time from 1972 to 1987, again from the voices of the characters. When we are introduced to Caroline and Mitch, as well as Caroline’s other cousin Cecil, the author describes how the children spend their summers at The Country House. Caroline has an extremely close relationship with Mitch and their love and friendship is apparent. Caroline and her cousins happen to discover a small white cross, which begins the mystery of who left the cross and why. I don’t want to give away the entire book, but readers are brought back in time and learn who made the cross, why it was made, and who it honors.
there isn't a creative thought in my head.
Normally we don’t tackle social issues here at MWW, but this isn’t exactly “social”. This is about education. Earlier this week the Indiana Senate voted on and passed S.B. 89 which allowed/required (depending on who you listen to) the teaching of “creationism” in public schools. The bill, in its latest form, reads as follows: SECTION 1. IC 20-30-6-18 IS ADDED TO THE INDIANA CODE AS A NEW SECTION TO READ AS FOLLOWS [EFFECTIVE JULY 1, 2012]: Sec. 18. The governing body of a school corporation may offer instruction on various theories of the origin of life. The curriculum for the course must include theories from multiple religions, which may include, but is not limited to, Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism, and Scientology.
Lime is the theme for Arts in the Cards for March. Limes are delicious and refreshing, and lime is one of my favorite colors. I use it so much that I think of it as a neutral...when I don't know what to do with a piece of art, I use lime thread to stitch it, or dab on lime paint.
Please note that currently we only ship to mainland UK at a cost of just £1.50.
Fennel seeds - 1 tsp
I painted that island apple green, and it was a total and complete disaster. It was one of those where you say you just need time to “get used to it” when you really just need time to stop hyperventilating at all the time you just flushed down the toilet. ;)
Over and out! x
INFECTION
Abigail and I went for a nice long walk before dinner, after putting away the groceries. Mali had already taken Jonathan and Rosie on a walk (with Jon riding his bike, he LOVED that), so I didn't have to feel guilty for not bringing Dum-Dum with me. It was so beautiful out, still sunny and mild and so green and pretty.
Stay strong and take care of yourself. Love yourself and know your worth. Feel the moment even if it makes you cry, you need to. Accept help but don’t feel sorry for yourself. Know your limits so you can set clear boundaries. Be sure to get some sleep and eat well. Exercise and seek out friends. Be extra kind to yourself taking measures not judge yourself for mistakes. Don’t ever beg you’re worth more than that. Try not to give more than you can handle. Remain open to love it hasn’t abandoned you. Stay in the present, the future is in front of you not in your head. Know who your friends are and keep them close. Mourn fully and without apology take it one day at a time. Breathe breathe breathe. Find comfort in the small things and accept generosity.
This Thursday 9/23, 6-8pm – Form and Content of Writing with Thea Liberty Nichols, Patrice Connolly, Claudine Ise, Abraham Ritchie & Bert Stabler - Panelists will engage in a casual discussion that examines the form (newsprint, published monographs, online journals or blogs) and content (criticism, interviews, exhibition reviews, press releases or scholarly essays) of their writing. Their individual practices, including the texts that inform and inspire them, will be examined alongside the colleagues and organizations with which they collaborate. In conjunction with Studio Chicago, the ways in which their studio environment, and indeed the city itself, contextualizes their practice will also be explored.
“We have brought together the best talent available in Vancouver and Europe to create a truly world class project that will enrich not only the particular neighborhood, but also the city and its quest to become creative, sustainable and affordable city. Architecturally, the Beach and Howe tower will introduce a new building typology to the Vancouver skyline and will create a dramatic gateway to downtown Vancouver that speaks to the emerging creative economy in the city”, Ian Gillespie, President, Westbank.
I pray for this morning’s Worship Celebrations. I pray that everything will work right this morning, and that we will not be hindered from worshiping you.
Shirt: Thrifted
Where you find young people more often than not you shall find binge drinking, especially in areas with universities. According to the Office for National Statistics there were 8,790 alcohol-related deaths in the UK during 2010.
One minute you have money, the next you’re completely locked out of your wealth and livelihood. They force YOU to prove to them that you aren’t guilty, but they take away any means you had to defend yourself.
William and Jane get a room in a hotel (checking in as Mr. and Mrs. Millard Fillmore) and go for a swim in a lake. William wears the bottom of one of Jane's suits, which is "designed to go out where he didn't go out and go in where he didn't go in." Jane only swims briefly, but William swims out far.
Mrs. Obama is on the cover of next month's Essence Magazine wearing a lovely vintage 50's dress from New York Vintage.
Moon rushed by him.
Trevor & Curtis - Many of our current clients have been referred to us by past clients, which is a huge compliment and responsibility. We want to make sure that we always create a result that lives up to the work that led them to us, and to do it with a spin that makes it uniquely their own.
The proliferation of models will also bring down costs. Hybrids cost around $2,000 to $4,000 more than their gas counterparts, which can make them less attractive to buyers.
#3 1971 Relay Team EP Andress Sprint Medley 3:30.4
surgeon and model,
Stamps: Sweet n Sassy Stamps - Treasured
There are so many. Probably any Blake Shelton song thanks to his awesome concert.
Yes dear friends, it was at that point that I admitted defeat and surrendered myself to the reality of our increasingly present generation gap.
Big love to X that took out the spider from the bathroom before I took a shower yesterday <U+2665>
from where you left off - again.
And they that shall be of thee shall build the old waste places: thou shalt raise the foundations of many generations and thou shalt be called The repairer of the breach, The restorer of the path to dwell in.
Karin Kasper: Media strategies begin with each client’s specific needs and the product evaluation evolves from there. Client needs and products vary by geography. What works in one area may differ in another based on the target audience and the product’s ability to effectively reach that audience.
When I applied, I thought I would immediately accept the offer if I got in, but that would have made everything so much easier, so you know that’s not what happened. Instead, I had to agonize over which decision to make. On the one hand, accepting the offer would allow me to teach. But on the other hand…well, it doesn’t matter, because if I truly wanted to be in the program, whatever was on that other hand wouldn’t bother me. All those objections wouldn’t be enough to keep me from doing what I really wanted to do. When I found I couldn’t ignore that other hand, I knew accepting the offer wasn’t for me.
I know that somewhere along the way someone slipped us “liters.” We now buy a 2 liter bottle of pop at the grocery store. I don’t know when that started. I picked up a student’s bottle of water this morning and looked at the measurements:
My son was obviously not immune to the magic of an excavator on a barge, and day after day I would hear entreaties to go and see it, all pleading eyes and hopeful expression like a puppy at a barbecue.
I am entering this card in the following challenges including the PollyCraft one I mentioned in my post...........
Program writing has definitely come a long way since I was young, along with the ever expanding choice of channels, and the shows themselves are a lot more educational than I ever remember. This is a good thing, and I’m pleased my kids can actually learn something from them. However, after being at home for nearly four year and in that time, having been exposed to pretty much every kids show in existence, there are a few things that irritate the heck out of me:
This look is so adorable, one doesn’t need to be in Paris to own it…Pretty sure you can wear this in Toronto Lee! ;)
I’ve also recently decided that when you live in a beautiful area, it’s important to get out there and enjoy it even if opportunity only allows short trips. And so it was that Andrew and I found our way to the coast for four days of California beauty and adventure.
I’ll take you where real animals are playing
The walls thence turned scarlet as they were bound to be, with the life and blood of the Lady who ruled them a moment before mercilessly
"Great Peace have they who Love Your law, and nothing can make them stumble." Psalm 119:165.
We continued to add short shelves (they were longer, but we cut them to the exact length we wanted with a circular saw) on the sides, under the hanging poles. These shelves are a little bit hard to access, but I think Calvin's determination will help him get to the stuff. Or, he can ask me to get things, which he does sometimes.
And here’s the irony, Amanda Hocking is publishing in a genre of which traditional publishers will tell you, “Sorry, but we think the trend has passed.” Clearly the market which buys Amanda Hocking’s books doesn’t agree. Her vampires remain hugely popular (in the same way that gran’ma’s tried and tested recipe for brownies remains popular over decades). And this is the thing, publishers are always looking for the “next big thing”, they’re making and breaking trends with, it would often seem, little acceptance of the fact that the market will eat brownies and read vampires till the cows come home – and in the process, many great books simply get overlooked.
"Well it doesn't matter," Bill said, "You're fired Miller. Get your ass out of here."
We avoid the person on the end getting no popcorn and the people in the middle getting tired of passing the Dr. Pepper.
“It needs a whole lot more than that,” Bruce mumbled under his breath. Louder, he argued, “I don’t think it would be so hard to strip it,” as he scraped at the peeling paint with his chisel, sending little chips flying toward me and raining down on my head. He wiped away the paint dust with his hand. “See,” he said, “not hard at all.”
And every night she cryied for help
Oakeshott sees Rationalist politics as a consequence of the rise of politically inexperienced people and classes to power. He takes Machiavelli's writings as an exemplary case; Oakeshott sees his work as an advice book for the novice ruler. This really makes no sense in light of the longstanding existence of self-governing communes in Renaissance Italy; political experience had long been a fairly widely distributed good.
I think the hardest thing to come to terms with here is the laid back style of how things are done. "God willing" is the way everything is looked at, and this means it will happen if god decodes it will, and we will do nothing to make it happen sooner or later. Once you accept this, life is easier. Oh, and I never thought I'd miss pork, but seeing as I don't like lamb, it's chicken or beef for me, and sometimes fish, although we are not very good on buying and cooking fish. It needs a bit more thought behind it than just popping over to the shop and getting a fillet or two to throw in the oven. This is because we don't have any shops as close as we used to in Norway. Just a matter of changing routines, but not gotten that far yet. Although I found some cod fillets and hake fillets in the freezer section yesterday. Maybe start with the easy stuff?
The upcoming United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development is about creating the
I usually buy most of these from Whole Foods Market, but I’m sure they’re available in many other places.
Yahweh. Redeemer. Friend.
-Yasuki Murato
Paula~
HA! Punny, I am!
One of my presents is a white sky bed!! I am so happy!!! I will make photos next time:D
But when you step outside of that echo chamber, in which everyone is talking to everyone else and they all work in the same industry and deal with the same client problems and use the same acronyms, you have to reset pretty quickly. Lots of people don’t have much of an idea how to define ‘public relations,’ let alone have developed thoughts on content marketing or the efficacy of automated email outreach. If you stay in the bubble too long, it’s easy to forget that, or at least it is for me.
That song was written in 1895 and those words are still just as true. Heroes were made that day and many died that day as well. I love that America didn't just fall down and die as the terrorist would have hoped. We stood together, our heads held high, linked arm in arm and ready for a fight. That's what makes us a free country. That's what makes this the "promised land," and I am proud today to call myself an American!
They knew that the plan to kill 90 percent of humanity was wrong.
At least one of them was spotted on Sunday picking up two people from outside the Nedbank Plaza in Alan Paton Avenue.
Morihei Ueshiba was a great martial artist and he is deserving of respect as the founder of Aikido. Pre- World War Aikido or Aiki Budo was much different than post war Aikido. During the pre- war stage we saw Ueshiba focused and dynamic. Post- War we saw an enlightened pacifist with a much different approach to Aikido. There are tens of thousands of Aikidoka throughout the world that follow Ueshiba’s post war Aikido and philosophies. Aikido is still growing strong even after MMA and BJJ came to the forefront.
C. Record low snowfall amounts this winter: NOT EVIDENCE. Weather is what happens in minutes, hours, days or sometimes months. Climate is what happens over long stretches of time like decades, centuries or millions of years. We’d need unusually warm and dry winter weather for another 10 to 20 years to say New England’s climate is changing due to global warming.
Didn’t take long.
“Good, now I think I will go and watch some television. Good night, boys.”
I have been super busy this week! It is the week of my son's fifth birthday and our big carnival party to celebrate. We are having 65 people over to celebrate tomorrow. We are so excited! I know I'll be posting some pictures to share with you all soon!
7. To Love.
Months ago, a sweet blog friend of mine sent me all of these wonderful cards that she illustrated! I was so honored and thought that they were far too special to use them all. So we framed them in our kitchen! Thanks Analene!!! We thoroughly enjoy looking at them every day!
Michael Lewis, Vanity Fair
Yesterday I did some more research about fructose and ate some sneaky pieces of dark chocolate. Nothing quite satisfied me but I knew that the links between fructose and obesity were coming. I was just ahead of the curve, I am just an early adopter. It was the day after I first read Sweet Poison and things were still a bit scary. I still felt really confronted but eager to know more. Being the 21st century female that I am I decided to hit up Facebook. The Sweet Poison Facebook page is fantastic! I have given the link in previous posts so look there. There are heaps of people up there who have done the brave thing and are ready to provide support and information where they can. If you decide to head down a similar path to me then they are fantastic. Any questions or help you need they are a great source.
and each leaf is individual, above the gravestones
AND THE BIG BLUE (aka NY Giants) WIN! - means division playoff par-tay at my place next week! - wooohooo - even tho the game was SO paid off by the ref's - the Giants still kicked ass - that's my boys!
(And, yeah, there's a Don't Try This At Home, Kids! warning toward the end, but seriously, you should totally try this at home. Ok, I don't mean you should train your peers to shun someone, but if you're having trouble getting your kids to focus on their homework or you want your boyfriend to take out the trash, then you should definitely try applying some dog training techniques. It works.)
The brutal use of force in Azerbaijan created an anti-force. It buried chances of preserving the collapsing empire and resurrected national movement for independence.
3 cups uncooked macaroni
I said, “No, no, no. Tell me something funny! My readers love to hear what you have to say!”
And as an example of the difference thread size can make, here are the two birds together:
Good Shepherd
So while it seems a ways away now (what with oral surgery and spring break intervening!), I had a BLAST at I-CON last weekend.
"GERDy man" is growing very well and is otherwise healthy, but no mommy wants to see their child spit up and choke on every feeding... so oatmeal it is! I of course made it from whole oats rather than the baby oatmeal and that was the EASY part... getting even a 1/2 a teaspoon to stay in his mouth was the hard part!
Me being a rather conservative (a better word for 'kiasee'...a Singlish term which means 'afraid to die') person, is not always willing to take up baking challenges. My fear of failure is the greatest stumbling block. I know, to avoid kitchen failures I should equip myself with the necessary knowledge and skills, which I should acquire by learning from professional bakers. In the past, I like to use the excuse of not being able to find time to attend baking classes...but now, with more free time on hand, I still couldn't make myself sign up for any baking course. The thought of going for lessons on specific time on a periodic basis, just, puts me off. With this kind of mentality, I wonder when I am able to accelerate my learning pace?
At the point where it looks like they’re both going to declare their feelings, tragedy strikes. Wikham has eloped with Miss Bennet’s sister, the 16-year-old Lydia. It’s a scandal and one that threatens to ruin the reputation of not only Lydia but all of her sisters by association. Miss Bennet returns home immediately and she thinks she will never see Mr Darcy again.
‘Yeah I noticed that. Mine came with a small note saying that my glasses made me look a dork.’ I readjusted my glasses on my nose. ‘I like my glasses.’
As I was getting ready to hit the publish button, Rohan came in with another 15 inch large mouth bass!!
Apple recently ramped up stricter security measures for iTunes and iOS users in an attempt to prevent accounts from being abused or compromised. Beyond just entering a password, some users are now being asked to choose three security questions and a backup e-mail address when they try to download content.
The source said MAS CEO Tengku Datuk Azmil Zahruddin would step down from his post to make way for these changes while Rashdan, who is Khazanah’s executive director of investments, would likely play a more active role in the airline until a CEO is identified.
I’m proud of Muslim community leaders in India who denied the policy of including some section of Muslims into OBC and SC/ST reserved categories. I remember them saying “Don’t try to divide Muslims.” Hats off! Why is that spirit of unity not there amongst the rest of us? Shame! If you really want to help the downtrodden, make policies to have a reservation system on the economic basis. Help the poor, not a caste. Sending me to jail because my great grandfather harassed Dalits? How fair is that?
In Tui na massage, the practitioner presses and kneads various qi points on the patient’s body. The patient does not need to undress but wears thin cotton clothes. He or she sits on a chair or lies on a massage couch while the practitioner presses on or manipulates the soft tissues of the body.
A few buildings were superficially damaged, but there have been no reports of serious injuries. For example, the National Cathedral has some damage to one or more of its spires. The quake triggered an immediate exodus from D.C., and so rush hour began at 2:00 rather than 4:00.
6300 S Carpenter St, Chicago, IL 60621, USA
“I sort of wondered about that,” Pappy seemed relieved. “You got any ideas for gettin’ us those whirlybirds?”
This week in the Top 25 Countdown, a new “Walt-era” title enters in a big way, a title dropped from the countdown last week comes back, and the top spot changes hands again. Presenting each week: the 25 unreleased Disney titles YOU the members want to see released on DVD the most.
Permission granted to crosspost.
We zoomed home, and my little sparkle goth tore off her normal clothes and put on her new duds, including some black (non-sparkly) leggings she already had. She was so excited by the completed ensemble, I was afraid she might explode. While gazing at herself lovingly in the mirror, she said, "I look HOT!" I thought BH might keel over.
SK has best wind and solar in country. We could be global leaders. Look at more than just CCS.
It's getting closer to the due date, and I can't help but wonder where the time went. We waited so late to tell everyone, and I have been so busy with work, taking care of NIk, holidays, showers, and birthdays, that I can barely believe we only have 2 1/2 months left (10 weeks Thursday). I find myself trying to mentally slow time down. I am so excited to welcome this new little pupmkin, but worried about my little pumpkin at home. I so want to treasure these last weeks I have her all to myself, hoping that she welcomes this new little brother or sister with a welcome and open heart. She does love her Mommy time. I just want to be able to give them both the time and lvoe they deserve and not feel completely overwhelmed.
Cinnamon Vanilla Bundt
And be careful through Him,
Bob: Oh, well then, I guess I can't help you.
Years later this is what Hassan has to say on love:
2. Rio Star Texas grapefruit, .19/ea. at Sprouts (through 1/12/11)
Frame rate: 29.970 fps
The ransacking of the pro-Kremlin group’s office by Antifa activists raised the spectre of a rapid escalation in the stand-off and prompted some of Russia’s leading human rights crusaders – including Lyudmila Alexeyeva, a Soviet-era dissident – to call for restraint.
Another mystery, perhaps solved, perhaps not. If you can shed any light on Cassandra's other life in Italy, please share what you know with the class. In the meantime, I'll keep coming up with interesting bits of musical history for you, all of which can be heard in the massive archive of MusicMaster Oldies.
It seems I’ve been away from the blog recently. It wasn’t intentional, but I’ve only posted 5 times since Valentine’s Day!
SATURDAY, MAY 5 AT 11AM AND 1PM
I also observed the rules, and they were the same as last year’s, except for one. Last year, every participants had their turns for presentation, one team by one team. This year, the teams will be divided into two blocks, so two teams will present at the same time, each in a different room.
A3. Heart Disease
My first review comes out next month and I hope you’ll check it out. If your child has a rating scale, I’d like to know what it is!
Every one had their theory
Today we head to the Mercado Negro ‘black market’ for a wonder around. This market is eight blocks long. We get lost it is soo big. You can buy everything here from shoes and clothes to meat and furniture. After spending hours wondering through the market we get some lunch. I get spaghetti cabonara for 35 Bs (7). We then head to the post office to send our goodies home. My parcel costs 238 Bs (45) to send home. It is really expensive for Bolivia. We then head to the archaeological museum however, it is closed at the moment. Since we are near the San Pedro Prison we decide to walk there for a look. I read a book about an English guy in this prison and about how corrupt the police guards are and how he use to take tourist for a tour of the prison. People still go to the prison and ask for the tours, but they stopped a while ago. Once the English man was freed from prison, the tours were no longer safe and it didn’t take long until some tourist were attacked. Now the guards will not let anyone in the prison, no matter the money you pay to get in. We stand in the park opposite the prison and watch as the prisoner’s line up to head back in (yes the prisoners get let out during the day if the bribe the guards) and watch the wives and children head back from a day of work and school (yes the wives and kids live in the prisons with their criminal husbands/father). It is just crazy to watch this. No where else in the world would you see so many people entering and exiting a prison!
Zionist squirrels, of course. Can the arrest of a moose be far behind?
We must stop lying against the
But the turning over is a daily, sometimes hourly and many times even minute by minute process. My thoughts can get so off track so quickly.
Has anyone outside of Oz (or the UK in general) changed to the new blogger? Is anyone else having problems with accessing comments or accessing links to specific blog posts? I think I'll get my Son to back up my blog, and then try the New Look and see if my problems resolve themselves. Or get worse, as some of my Aussie friends have reported. Changing my g-mail didn't create any new issues, but didn't resolve any for me either.
After I was done taking pictures of the dish, I noticed the sun setting. I get to enjoy sunset every evening. It is impossible for me to miss it since I am someone who likes to pause every now and then to enjoy the beautiful nature, be it the sun, moon or tiny flowers on the road side. I have so many times stood at the window to watch the golden yolk disappear into the horizon. Do you know? It doesn't take too long for the sun to set, it is gone within a few minutes. I was not even fast enough to get decent shots, and this is the best my very old point-and-shoot camera could produce.
I went to Split Coast Stamper for the instructions on how to make a slider card and this is what I came it with.
-Your life has completely gone upside down, hasn’t it? Since The Sneaker editorial staff and Dengeki Bunko editorial staff work separately, we were shocked when we heard about your circumstances. With great pains, for this occasion, the Sneaker Bunko and Dengeki Bunko have collaborated to make a simultaneous release of your works on June 10, 2003.
The rest of the metal bits and pieces and nails are things I found with my metal detector. I LOVE that thing! So many artsy treasures just waiting to be found underground.
Drifting from the one window without a screen
Today, while we will certainly miss daddy, we are also grateful for the job he and his fellow guardsmen are doing. You and I have also talked (well, I talked and you sort of listened) about the fact we are so lucky that we will get to see daddy in just six short days. There are so many military families who have to wait much longer than that to see their loved ones again. To them, you and I are indebted. We will pray for them each day and thank them every chance we can. To them we owe our freedom...
That standard of living provided by those benefits not great; the average Social Security benefit is approximately $14,800 per year. But to say the system being able to provide the same standard of living in 2033 as it does now equals the system being "insolvent" or "busted" at that point is transparent nonsense.
The next day was spent in Telluride. This town was known for it's mining. Today it is more of a tourist area. After a yummy lunch at the bakery we went up to another waterfall (or as close as little legs can get us) and then road the gondola to the top of the ski area and had a look around then, back down for ice cream in the car on the way back to the cabin
Knit until entire piece measures 6 inches.
This particular gift is very specific to my school but I made one with a teacher quote just for you! I got all creative and did my own little rhyme for my personal one. At our school, our ISS teacher has a cooler full of ice and she puts pop (soda for anyone who's not sure what pop is) in it each day. The money goes to our Relay for Life donation. It seems so simple, but we are always scrounging around for 2 quarters to buy an ice cold pop. For today's gift, I included 4 quarters and some candy. I sprung for the good stuff ~CHOCOLATE! Hey, it's the end of the year...we have to get there on something...it may as well be caffeine and chocolate!
No demon,
So, yeah, kind of finding that the little things are getting to me lately.
Another being, a different & smaller being who was probably female, came after me, but a woman with a dagger attacked it; but more beings were coming, so I grabbed the woman & I ran into a cabin carrying her.
INTA Academic Day and Annual Meeting Registration Information: INTA offers a variety of discounted registration options for INTA professor and student members and non-member professors and students to attend the 2011 INTA Annual Meeting. For Annual Meeting registration information, please contact Carin Diep-Dixon at cdiep@inta.org."The IPKat urges his academic friends, foes and colleagues to come to the INTA Meeting if they can. The organisation has done so much to make itself academic-friendly and has very accommodating registration rates. Also, once you're there you don't need to spend anything on food or drink since there's so much of it around -- so if your institution won't pay for you to go, make it your holiday instead!
Unlike the credit bureaus, She will not just forget after seven years.
Judge Daniel Mabley’s rulings and motions before Amy Senser’s trial begins next week:
I was really taken back by her comments because yes, a lot of people have been doubting and questioning how long UCONN can keep it up (I mean honestly, I was hoping Standford would upset them). But, when you really think about it, isn't is so much easier to lose at things than it is to keep winning? If you apply this to the Christian life, it's so much easier to just give up or sleep in and not spend good time with God than it is to consistently get up and engage. It's a choice to not fear and to trust and have confidence God and where he has you. It's a hard choice to not be afraid or to not complain about life and to instead love what you're doing and to play your heart out... allowing the holy spirit to work through you (even when you are tired).
“The amazing thing is that, as I grow in this program, I find less and less to be angry about.” — For Today, p. 90”
Sara started preschool this fall at the Busy Bee Preschool. She loves her teacher, Mrs. Nicole. She goes on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 9-11:30. It's perfect for us. She was a little nervous at first, but she is loving it. Here are a few pictures of her back to school:
And, considering only the surface distance, I am almost 1000 miles from where we lived. We planted trees and bushes around the house to keep it cool and to give us privacy, and that green world seems a million miles from the desert where I am staying now.
I think it is fair to say that humanity has reached a time in their development where we desperately need a change in our thinking, or philosophy of life, if we are going to continue to both survive and evolve as a society. It is not so simple as to say we need to start doing this or quit doing that, no that is not deep enough into the realm of critical thinking when looking at it. It is not just a matter of changing a few physical actions, that is far too simplistic and would not matter, it instead is a matter of changing the entire way we think, the things we value, the things we place importance on. I am not saying that I have the answer to this problem because to be honest, I do not. I think I can identify more about what must be changed than I can how to change it, but that’s a start……
5. An Everyday Consumption Song
When the milk is ready, remove from the water and allow to cool completely. Once cooled, open and stir well.
Utter nonsense or worthless frills.
Remember that certain things remain constant in times of change: We, as public servants, still have a service to provide to Canadians.
Shit just got real-er, folks. According to news sources, Yasushi Akimoto is getting into some SERIOUS BUSINESS about franchising the AKB48 concept on an international level. Reports say that the Big Wota and his people have been in talks with six countries, name-dropping China, Thailand, Singapore and Italy, which leaves us two others to guess. (Don’t quote me on my amazing psychic powers or anything, but I’m gonna say USA and Le France. Maybe substitute South Korea for one of those.)
“We don’t. I’ll be the one going to the backroom and finding out the information we need. I want to know who Mitch was with that night my family was murdered. Whoever he was going to meet tomorrow should know something.”
Also I started off with a joke because this at that time did not seem like a serious discussion to me. I myself am not religous nor am I an atheist but if I took the arguments from this “discussion” I would be more inclined to religion.
How does Peter fit in then? He did fit in perfectly when God was dealing withIsraelnationally. But whenIsraelwas set aside and God began dealing with man in this age of Grace, Peter was also set aside. However, God will resume His dealing with His people and so allIsraelshall be saved according to Romans 11:26. Meanwhile, today, the gospel is “For by grace are ye saved, through faith and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God.”
A wealthy Chinese businessman was now old and wanted to retire. He called his three sons too him and said to them, ‘ I have decided not to divide the business into three, but will give it to the one of you who proves himself to be the best businessman. You can prove this to me by passing a simple test.’ Each son was given $10 and instructed to use the money to purchase something that would fill a big empty room.
Keywords are the words and phrases people use when they are searching for something online. Last night, for example, I wanted to make something interesting with the ground lamb I already had in the fridge. My husband remembered a recipe where ground beef was shaped around skewers, so I entered “ground lamb on skewers recipe” into Google and found several options. I ended up making Ground Lamb with Moroccan Spices on a Stick, which I found at http://shecookshecleans.net/2011/08/20/kefta-kabobs/ Kefta Kabobs. Delicious!
For me this was a great example of the power of enthusiasm. Within a more holy realm, I’ve seen worship leaders destroy an amazing session of praise and worship by scolding the worshipers trying to encourage them to sing louder or longer or better, raise their hands or lower their hands. On the opposite side, when the worship leader is enthusiastic and excited about praising God, the people respond with increased joy and enthusiasm.
If I were to feel these impulses, but then dither, and not carry them through, or restrain my actions for fear that I have gone too far or that it isn’t worth the effort, if my “two minds” are in disharmony, then I suppose I would be unstable, and certainly less happy. There’s something to be said for going ahead with a plan even when you’re not sure it will work. There’s something to be said for ignoring the threat of failure and carrying on. There’s something to be said for being ambivalent about your course of action, and doing it anyway. In fact, your ambivalence may even be a sign of wisdom and may be critical to your eventual success.
1st of November 2011
Lossless codecs are typically used for archiving data in a compressed form while retaining all of the information present in the original stream. If preserving the original quality of the stream is more important than eliminating the correspondingly larger data sizes, lossless codecs are preferred. This is especially true if the data is to undergo further processing (for example editing) in which case the repeated application of processing (encoding and decoding) on lossy codecs will degrade the quality of the resulting data such that it is no longer identifiable (visually, audibly or both).
Movement: Pretty sure I have felt this little babe moving a little. Still not certain though.
Once the world's fourth-largest lake, the sea has shrunk by 90 percent since the rivers that feed it were largely diverted in a Soviet project to boost cotton production in the arid region.
Past MFWs:
Latin Poet, 43 BC – 18 AD
“You cannot discover new oceans unless you have the courage to lose sight of shore.” Admiral Rickover
My theme was butterflies and flowers....so you will see them throughout the mini
2. sauté peaches, add salt
that filled his heart within
St. Joseph County Police say Haywood was arrested around 2:30 p.m. on Friday at a home in the 50000 block of Hawthorne Meadow Drive.
There's a story to that.
Mother? Just like a will it is important to organize
“Maybe that’s enough questioning for now. You finish your porridge and rest some more. I need to talk to Mr. Jakov.”
When businesses use social media properly, it opens up huge possibilities to address concerns, satisfy existing customers and attract new business.
for I did not come to condemn the world but to save the world.
“Humankind has not woven the web of life. We are but one thread within it. Whatever we do to the web, we do to ourselves. All things are bound together. All things connect.” -Chief Seattle
thousands of items they sell!
Oh BTW…I got the cherry cokes chillin’ and the Boston creams are in order..So maybe we now can celebrate* OUR birthday together sometime soon HAHAHHAHA. RIGHT???!!! HAHAHHAHAHAH.
To end this week, I want to share with you a song I really love! I love how anthem-like, passionate, and powerful the words are, as well as the melody! Enjoy! :D
If your insurance broker were to offer you the pick between the following two insurance policies which would you choose? (a) a policy which covered you for all risks, entails a premium of €1,000 and is payable now or (b) an identical policy but instead of paying now, you can pay after disaster strikes and it will still cost you €1,000. Wouldn’t you be crazy to plump for the first policy?
So Terri, please email Cottage Cutz your information including that you won from the PSA Cottage Cutz blog Hop and also include your 3 x 3 die of choice.
In the bright eternal city,
bond was specifically spent
Day after day I receive emails promoting new novels. They come from established publishing firms and from self-published novelists. They are so frequent I have an automatic email reply message wish them well, but noting that the volume of new novels makes it impossible to accept their request.
Hope you are all having a wonderful weekend
I am feeling more and more movement and kicks. The first real kick I felt made me come out of my chair and of course Chris thought it was hilarious - men!!
Mark 11:12-14
The Eagle had two long-time editors, Thomas Kinsella (1861 to 1884) followed by St. Claire McKelway (1886- 1915), who had the greatest influence upon the paper’s style and voice, and oversaw the paper through the height of its influence.
So should we spend the rest of our short lives worrying that the end is nigh? I say absolutely not, even if the end really is near. Besides, I could die in a car wreck tomorrow but that possibility won’t stop me from going about my life.
Argentina's Patricio Garino, Greece's Kyprianos "Paris" Maragkos and Alexandria-native Kethan Savage signed National Letters of Intent last week, marking the first recruiting class of the Lonergan era. They will join Isaiah Armwood, a Baltimore-native who transferred from Villanova this off-season and will take the floor as a junior in 2012-13.
Disposable styrofoam packaging. Think Mcdonald's in the 80's.
It’s a very important factor to make an effort & work prolonged, very hard hours to create a prosperous enterprise however it’s a different kettle of fish if you are not commercially insured.
Remember “First Understanding,Then Adjustment”
It's a buttered roast, vinegar and toffee,
Wednesday – May 16, 2012
The movement of the EDL into politics and away from protest, is either an act of utter stupidity or evidence of the infiltration of the EDL by undercover police who are working to get the organisation banned / proscribed.
Welcome back to a new Term and a new unit for RE. For the first half of this term we will be looking at the Old Testament. The Old Testament is the largest section in the Bible and contains a selection of books that tell the story of the Hebrew people and their relationship with God.
she is a funny wee dog!
I have also managed to base my tags off of Linda (The Funky Junkie)'s 12 tags! So I will be linking up there each day :) Today's is linking to tag 2 -- Mostly I took inspiration from her handmade flower and the variety in textures that she used! I've got rough cardstock, plastic netting, smooth satin... it's a super fun tag to hold!
Student: Yeah and strippers. Would we consider them having to purchase ”outfits” as an expense?
Eala Bhan is coming along at a slow pace. Right now I am on row 19 (again) and hope to make it past row 21, which is where I mucked it up last time.
as Magnolia Dies.
The life of Benny A. Lyde was cut short September 2, 2006 by the hands of gun violence, but his contributions will last forever. Please read the articles at the links below to learn more about this incredible young man.
And no one can save you from error or sin
Another example is Everett, WA. Everett designed a system that provides superior individual care while insuring that utilization (usage of medical and technology procedures) is cost efficient. Boeing, which self insures its employees, joined the program as an experiment to determine if employee health care costs could be reduced while providing quality health care. The result has been remarkable in both patient health care and cost savings.
(1)“Adler isn’t respected by philosophers!” Well, the philosophers you read must never have mentioned in their worthless tomes that popularity doesn’t equal truth. All that matters is if the argument is a reasoned one and conclusion is true or not. If every philosophy professor in the world said Adler (and by extension Aristotle and Aquinas, since Adler is more about reiterating the correct philosophies of others and adapting them to modern issues than coming up with his own ideas) was an idiot, it still wouldn’t prove that he was wrong, only truth and reason would do that. (Now please don’t think that I think everything Adler said is true, he’s human, he’s wrong sometimes, but when compared to Descartes, Hume, Berkley, Foucault, Satre, James, Kierkegaard, Leibniz, Marx…you get the idea, he’s on a far more solid grounding of reason.)
- Comfortable leather handles
Special Needs Gift Guide for Christmas 2011!
"piespace" "Friendster" "us mail " "smoke signals" "pigeons"
Wizards of Wonders 4500307
I’d give anything to hold you now.
8) Others stumble with us. Beth says, “We all stumble in many ways, when a teacher stumbles, she is apt to be charged a group rate.” (pg. 112)
Cynthia
I don't ask for all that much I just want someone to care
Chuck’s Never-Ending Daddy Issues
Last weekend was the big Sevens world rugby tournament here in Las Vegas. I don’t know anyone that is a rugby fan and have never seen a game myself. But those DJs I listen to on the New Zealand radio station are big rugby people – always talking about their All Blacks. Seems the Samoa team beat the New Zealand team at the final game, so those guys were probably talking it up yesterday.
beginners cake decorating- sat 4th August- 9.30-3.30, $320
Boss: Did McGyver lose the key or something?
Yesterday all the young adults were at home. It warmed my heart to see how these kids have grown up to be such wonderful human beings. It wasn’t long ago when they trotted all over the house wearing diapers . It’s amazing how one of them has started earning, another crossed his teens today and the little ones are not so little anymore. We saw their baby pictures and read the small little notes and letters they had written . The beautiful drawings that those little artists made brought back so many memories.
Don’t let the challenges you face today in your marital life take your eyes away from the Lighthouse that is your only source of True light in this murky waters of life.
Football is a game in which two opposing teams of 11 players each defend goals at opposite ends of the field having goal posts at each end, with points being scored chiefly by carrying the ball across the opponent’s goal line and by place-kicking or drop-kicking the ball over the crossbar between the opponent’s goal posts.
I’ll say no more—I have to face
Row 2 *C+5-5** Repeat until at end. Tie and cut.
Tan Handbag - Kate Spade
I used to shun black and white but lately I can't get enough of it. The older I get the more muted my wardrobe gets yet I still tend to shock people (in a good way) with the pieces I wear. Like these shiny black leggings. I bought these last season at Target (they're quick on the trends, I tell you) and when I'd wear them to work the president of the company always commented on how I looked like I was going to kick his ass.
Any downside? Besides the stigma, the article notes that it is more expensive to run a canning line, which may make it difficult to the smaller of the small brewers.
How much you need: For women, one serving is best. Men can drink two because enzymes in their stomachs are more effective at metabolizing alcohol. Beyond those amounts, alcohol can cause more harm than help. A study of more than 2,500 people published in Circulation found CRP levels in people who consumed more than the recommended amount of alcohol were higher than in those who drink it in moderation.
a. Extend Dey and Cortlandt Streets From Church to Greenwich Streets
Audience: how do you stop special interests
Our challenge from Bonnie this week, was to use 3 different photos and one of her textures (glorious free to use – DO try them!), to create an abstract of our own… Here’s my before with the pics and texture layer I used:
Source of prompt: First 50 – I’ve had the prompt tucked in my journal for a while, but never checked out this blog until today. It’s an amazing source of writing prompts and I highly recommend it for any writer looking for a little inspiration!
Disabled protester at London Demonstration.
Today has been an absolutely terrible day.
Well the title is not because I nervous but rather the exact opposite. A dear friend of mine recently celebrated here one year anniversary of breast cancer and I wanted to make something for her as she is one of my biggest fans when it comes to my cards--think I make all of her cards now.
from my finances, every form of sickness is destroyed and failure is completely
She nodded in acquiescence. The effect of the sake had begun to fuzzy up her brain. Words managed to escape her as she took another scoop. This time she bit into something rubbery. Not sure what it was she swallowed without thinking about it.
Except I’ve found myself doing this when I’m not really paying attention anyway and then after I’ve agreed with them some of the keywords they’ve said have floated into my head and I realise that I definitely don’t agree so next thing I know I am like this crazy lady, flapping my hands about, and having to then disagree with what was said. At this point it’s obvious that I nod, smiled and agreed. This is worse when it’s someone who knows me really well because they know how easily I zone in and out when people are talking to (at?) me so then all I hear about is how I don’t listen to anything or how they should’ve known because my eyes glazed over (if my eyes glazed over then why the fuck did you keep talking brainiac?!).
I’ve also noticed this about the Fast series and glad it got a mentioned here. My Masters thesis was on the depiction of Asian Americans in American film and televisions so this issues is obviously close to me and I’m glad to see if getting some traction by the media…
Sometimes I think Louie just wants Mike to learn the old fashioned way.. trial and error..
In a small bowl, combine milk, butter, sugar and salt.
Anyone who knows me knows how uneasy that would make me. I took the blame for my mother dying in these conditions (see link to the post, A Mother’s Final Retaliation, at end of this post). It was a fearful ride, but we made it safely.
I've worked off various sizes of cherrypickers, and I'm used to a set of controls in the basket, being able to control it from above. This thing's more of a sixty foot reach loader, with a platform on the forks.
However, having the notion is all very well, but it does help if a body owns more than 8 tombow markers. Hence the exceedingly limited colour palette on the finished example.
ChristieO wants us to write a letter to ourself about the things that happen in 2012 from the point of view of it being 2013. Confused? Yeah, me too! But what a great exercise in goal setting! I did it last year and didn't have great success, but this year will be different! Read and enjoy the year that I'm about to embark on.
U. G. Krishnamurti is an original voice in which much of contemporary spirituality is understood in a new way. For those interested in the full spectrum of modern spiritual thought, this is a “must read.” In the well-known history of J. Krishnamurti, few names have been so strongly associated with his message as U. G. Krishnamurti, who shared a close but contentious relationship with him over many years. U.G. was raised to take on the mantle of guru, much like J. Krishnamurti. When the two men eventually met, each had rejected the guru role, and for years they conversed regularly, struggling to uncover the nature of truth, before a falling out led each in a different direction.
A week after Nick Saban mentioned the possibility on an SEC teleconference, Curry said, “We have not heard from them.”
you can shake your head and criticize us right now.
2005 Bindaree (11th), 2006 Baron Windrush (UR 3rd); 2007 Knowhere (UR 8th); Naunton Brook (PU bef 23rd), 2008 Fundamentalist (Fell 3rd), Ardaghey (Fell 4th), Naunton Brook (PU 19th), Knowhere (UR 25th); 2009 Battlecry (16th), Ollie Magern (Fell 2nd), Fundamentalist (PU 21st), Knowhere (PU 25th); 2010 Hello Bud (5th), Beat The Boys (PU 19th), Ballyfitz (Fell 22nd), Ollie Magern (PU 28th); 2011 Hello Bud (PU 29th), Grand Slam Hero (Fell 13th)
Reading nonfiction writing is the key component of the Core Knowledge curriculum, which is based on the theory that children raised reading storybooks will lack the necessary background and vocabulary to understand history and science texts. While the curriculum allows children to read fiction, it also calls on them to knowledgeably discuss weather patterns, the solar system, and how ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia compare.
Slowly but surely the village will get complete. Hopefully they continue with development and growth… although I’m running out of room on the mantle. This year, we had to expand to the shelves with the newest additions...
Hello readers of TIP, my name is Cesar Zambrano and I’m happy to have been given the chance to share an article I’ve written with you all.
This time I are forewarned. I am becoming a veteran bed blocker. This time round, as well as toothpaste and jammies, my overnight bag will contain the following:-
Now that it's been a while, the beer is growing on me. It's got more mouthfeel, the color is more at pale ale, nice and quaffable. The first version had a lighter feel, but more bitterness. Mouthfeel may be specifically linked to the Carapils. So I've got to figure out if I like the base as a Blonde or let the beer go more at Pale Ale. So maybe do the same thing again but drop the CaraPils from the recipe.
You can see my name here^^^ and the caption ^^^
The dog’s breed is not the main issue in this case. The much larger issue is the fact that the owner was completely irresponsible.
Getting texts
It’s seems a few have since departed,
skullcandyracing@gmail.com
In (Part 3) of this blog, we talked about the “Level of Expectation” process in your F&I/Business Manager’s Department.
In case you aren't very familiar with Wilton, they sell some of the best baking and decorating tools around. Their product lines are comprehensive, their quality is high and their prices are quite reasonable. I have had some of their products for 5+ years, have used it heavily and it is still in great condition.
Cover the bowl with a damp (not soaked) kitchen towel and allow to rise in a warm place for at least one hour. It should double in size.
The rich-proud cost of outworn buried age
Finally,it arrived.Overjoyed Andy(my boss)got up very early to embrace it.He even hummed some tune as a celebration personally.
I often say that if I had to go back in time, I would want to go back with the knowledge I have now and the style I presently have (we all make true errors in our lives…). But then again, all the steps I’ve made, all the choices I’ve made have shaped me to who I am, so why would I want to change that with the knowledge I have now? My whole life I’ve been strong in being true to myself, prideful because I was never like anyone else I knew, knew enough to be who I am, do what I want without anyone telling me I should be something else. And I feel presently that has just become stronger for myself, this sense of not caring because in the end, I’m only pleasing me and only me. Fuck ‘em all and fuck what anyone else thinks. I don’t believe in “Live Fast, Die Young.” I never did because there’s so much living to be done, so much you can squeeze into this quick minute of the universe called your life that dying young just seems stupid if you can help it.
"PRINCE ALI" (Aladdin)(Alan Menken and Howard Ashman)
Some background: Pursuant to demonstrating to a friend what exemplary cojones belong to Mr. John Young of Cryptome, I retrieved his archive of the email correspondence between himself and Yahoo. This is included, below, reposted from this link. At the end of the exchange, the 'rude finger' remark links to a Reader's Digest page -- ah! but that link is broken! and the vampire is off.....
FUNNILY ENOUGH
So that the technical stuff doesn’t get buried I’ve decided to give each section a page of it’s own and direct traffic from posts.
Here’s a little sample of Phillip Glass’ Opera, “Einstein on the Beach” which uses numerics and solfege syllables more than actual “text” for the libretto. It seemed appropriate for this discussion of process over reductionism.
Your Editor Devil
CELEBRATIONS
So now I'm back in the hostel boarded up in my sarcophogus recharging for the final day. I've heard Beck and now Radiohead playing at the bar downstairs, so it must be the coolest fucking bar in town.
Cindy Sloan Photography captures every moment to help you preserve those family memories, moments & milestones. Whether an engagement, wedding, birth, birthdays, celebrations, graduation or other milestones ... there's a package that'll fit your needs. On location shoots at a wide range of locations help keep your photos unique and definitely one-of-a-kind. TM members who purchase a full hour session will always receive a free 8x10 from their session. Refer your friends because all those who refer a friend who purchases an hour session will receive 10% off a future session as a thank you for the referral. Find me on Facebook and take a few moments to peruse the list of popular locations and schedule your session today! Prints, canvas and books also available for additional purchase.
Victoria's grave stone came in last week, and I went with my brother to see it after it was placed. There's something about seeing the stone that just makes it seem more...I don't know, "real", I guess. Seeing the dates of her birth and death carved in granite has a certain finality to it that I can't really describe. August 23, 2003 - November 10, 2011. Eight years is such a short time.
That’s right – the girl who is infamous for stripping online and going nude at the drop of a hat, will soon be making her B-town debut in the boldest-ever film made in India.
the bartender's side
MY CREATION:
I pray we make it out alive
Max loves him some Beatles.
If you like to make stylish cards really fast, then why not come and see what I've made for Three Minute Thursday tomorrow? Hope to see you then,
Just letting you all know that we will be open on FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2nd!
Tuneup Media Review – Taking a Closer Look at the Tuneup Media Application
1 mollified
In a speech to the Royal Society, Education Secretary Michael Gove said he would like to see the “vast majority” of pupils in England studying maths to the age of 18 within a decade. He also suggested that pupils study calculus and algebra at younger ages.
Set size: 100 (70 base cards, 30 rookies) plus 60 autograph RCs
So what does monogenes mean? According to the Greek-English Lexicon of the New Testament and Other Early Christian Literature (BAGD, 3rd Edition), monogenes has two primary definitions. The first definition is “pertaining to being the only one of its kind within a specific relationship.” This is the meaning attached to its use in Hebrews 11:17when the writer refers to Isaac as Abraham’s “only begotten son.” Abraham had more than one son, but Isaac was the only son he had by Sarah and the only son of the covenant.
“Spence suggested that these regular rewirings of the solar magnetic field naturally have an effect on the human nervous system, which leaves its traces most clearly in our cultural record – like a desert wind carving the shape of its passage into the dunes of fashion, art, and music. As a short-hand toward understanding the two maximum states we flip between, Spence suggests we can regard one pole as having a “punk” character, while its opposite may be thought of as “hippie.”
"Recently we saw a great rise in both Victorian and Young
Don't pretend to understand it. Just drink it in.
I hope you all have a good week. Abby x
*slight exaggeration.
Best UK brewery
Well there’s a shocker, none of my predictions have come to fruition, except for the Blues winning in five games. As much as I like to talk about sports and think I know everything, when it comes to the playoffs you can throw out all of the statistics and everything you thought you knew. The playoffs bring out the best and the worst in players and theres nothing like a goalie on a hot streak that can ruin your series in a hurry (thanks Pekka). You truly cannot measure the heart and desire of players once they get into the postseason. As of right now though, the bigger stories than the current upsets of NHL heavyweights (Pittsburgh, Detroit, San Jose, Vancouver), is the fact that Brendan Shanahan continues to make an absolute mockery of the discipline system.
I took about 55 photos trying to capture them. We were on a boardwalk, very few of the plants were blooming or growing and living close to the board walk. Sony had a work out! It was great fun and I enjoyed it to no end!
Purchase Tickets at: esri campus
Apart of the economic part, is the people ready for ipv6? Iwould say that in terms of knowledge I don´t know so many people who khow that 10.0.0.1 is translated to ipv6 to 2001:0db8:1234::a00:1. From my point of view, I am not ready for ipv6. What about the subnetting tables, classful ranges, etc….
I knew when I set my multiple alarms on the Friday night that it was a pretty pointless exercise. I just needed to do something, some kind of ritual that might affect the space time continuum and some how affect the start time of the show at the Rock Pub the following day. ‘Door’s open 12:30’, the flyer said.
Impulse Records was more than just a label. It was an identity. It was a statement. Impulse Records was a musical brand of artistry that provided some of jazz’s greatest creators with a platform for making some of their very best music. The new wave of jazz was indeed on Impulse!
At the time, I was of course aware of Bela Lugosi's famous 1930 portrayal of Dracula, but I found the Salem's Lot vampire much more frightening and believable: less human or "civilized" than Lugosi and much more like a bald, rat-like, animalistic bloodsucker. Nasty!
{Hi there!} Laura Candler @ Corkboard Connections is hosting an awesome linky party about math work stations. I wanted to share some of my ideas about my work stations. First of all, I have an awesome poster that I made. I meant to take pictures of it, but I don't have any!! ARGHHH! Anywho, it's basically a poster that I created in Word and enlarged on our poster machine. If I find it, I will link it here so you can see. It basically has 4 rows and 4 columns. Each row represents each group and each column represents each rotation. I have 4 because I have a label for each one. I really only have 3 groups. I have it laminated so I can write the groups in since I change my groups every week according to our assessments we take on Fridays. Now to the fun part.... where I have pictures!
I watched the show twice, as it was shown multiple times on BBCAmerica. I would have watched it a third time but I don’t think I could take it, emotionally. I’m exhausted now. I’m also glad that it’s on the DVR, and that I have pre-ordered all of the specials on dvd and will devour them when they arrive in February.
He asked me about 6 questions and then told me to send my dossier and my passport to Los Angeles and wait for their review and approval. So, there I was, without a passport, hoping they would send it back to me with my visa in time to catch my flight to Paris in less than 6 weeks.
Check out this laughably sexist early Seventies TV spot touting Braniff International stewardesses and their mid-flight "air strip." I'm not sure you could even get away with this in a beer commercial today.
Having listening to the CoStar Industrial Q1 2012 webinar review today, I am now much more optimistic about the status of the commercial real estate industry; or at least the industrial side. Here are a few key take-aways:
has filled in nicely this winter with all the wonderful warm weather
Certainly, VNM gives you an inside track on a fast-growing Asian economy. In 2008, Vietnam grew at a 6.5% clip. Even in recession-ravaged ‘09, the IMF has forecasted 5% growth for the increasingly visible country.
4. The covenant will give everlasting peace
Oh, when the war is ended,
Quinoa is a great, gluten-free grain with a slightly nutty taste that is packed with protein and the only grain that is a perfect protein. Sick of eating rice? There are lots of great dishes you can make with quinoa. Here’s my personal recipe.
so now to my question:
Nevertheless, afterwards, a chain of Shia-Sunni clashes started between Iraqi Shias and Sunnis, targeting each other’s mosques through bomb blasts, suicide attacks, and killings of their religious leaders. The general masses of both the sects, which could not grasp the reality, began to blame each other’s group for the subversive activities.
Barnes and Noble, who has a tablet for electronic books, The Nook, also has an app that can be used on the iPad. I figured it would be a cinch to purchase books with the grant money that PTO granted me for books. I suddenly found myself ahead of the wave…
In the optometrist office, the lady told me I should bring him in after school to get them readjusted because they were pretty warped... no surprise there. I made a mental note, and when they all got home I just decided to wait til a different day since the sun was out for the first time all week, and the kids wanted to plaaaay.
Thanks to Smokers Against Discrimination for posting this on Facebook-
His misophonia has gotten much worse just during the past couple of weeks. He has so many more triggers now -- not just chewing/eating but breathing, yawning, coughing and certain speech sounds set him off. I laugh now (bitterly, before tossing back a couple of fingers of whiskey or vodka) when I think how stressful things were when he was "only" set off by eating/chewing sounds.
But then, what else should we expect from a government who’s every action benefits large corporate interests over anyone and everyone else. And the way things are going, when these corporations do create these idea swiping mills, they’ll likely be staffed overseas by people making 50 cents a day.
To which my husband answers back “No, I’m dying”…
She was stared at. The kids asked questions about her and then moved on to playing with the other kids. The adults stared some more. She wasn't having fun. I wasn't having fun. And our incredible, awesome, loving nurse, would never have said she wasn't having fun. But I'm sure she wasn't.
-Who in clothing 2: others in historical clothing
My cake of Ivy Brambles Romantica Merino Lace now weighs 82g – indicating a whole 79m has been knit in the last week. Not exactly meeting my 40m/day target. I don’t know what happened to me in the past week but I seem to have recovered from the lace-knitting addiction I had last week. I had less opportunities to knit during the past week, but even when I sat down to knit I spent the time messing on my phone.
Hi Readers! Sometimes I think back on the days of the Soviet Union, when the government would put political dissidents into insane asylums. From our side of the world, that seemed twisted: If you are punishing those against the regime, why not put them in a real prison? But over in the Soviet Union the scenario actually made some (twisted) sense, this way: Since the regime was NEVER going to change, anyone who thought it could or would was literally insane. Delusional! And so to the asylums they were sent.
Take I-71 or I-75 South. Take I-275 West to OH-128/Cleves-Hamilton Exit #7. Turn Right at the end of the exit on OH-128. Go through Miamitown and drive about 1.5-2 miles to the complex on the right.
This episode was about innovation, and how! Innovation was tackled at three different scales, the personal, the organizational, and the social. It started with Nikai, a second stringer who makes a difficult decision to do what is best for the team, even though it comes with a personal price. The process we witness of Nikai coming to his decision is told with both reason and emotion. Many shows would build an entire episode around such a story, and lesser shows have milked similar stories for multiple episodes, but this is only the first of three types of innovation that were depicted in this very interesting episode.
2. Talent is a gift, but character is a choice. We have no control over a lot of things in life. We don’t get to choose our parents or the circumstances of our birth and upbringinig. But we DO CHOOSE our character. We create it each time we make choices.
daddy said he wanted to do a special hanukkah craft with sydney.
The past few days though her and Allie have had a horrible cold resulting in needing the nose blown about every five minutes. Instead of having to walk the 10 extra steps into the bedroom each time to retrieve a kleenex I decided to keep them up high on the couch. I was in the other room helping Allie go potty when I came back in I found this...
As of now she still won't drink the milk/formula out of a sippy cup - that will be our next challenge.
Welcoming yesterday's web-blocking orders, Geoff Taylor, Chief Executive of the BPI said
Once we begin to see the relationship of cause and effect, we can begin to determine how to best help our friends and family. We can begin to offer appropriate advice or direction to help them move forward instead of just simply consoling the effects of a broken and dysfunctional life area. I’m not saying we should not be sympathetic toward those who have relationship or money issues. There are thousands of things that can affect any one of our life areas at any given time. And it’s perfectly okay for us to provide a shoulder to lean on or encourage someone toward a better tomorrow.
Shake silicon ass.
PFJKJ Blog (pfjkjblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
He never said he couldn't do what he proposed. In fact, he got a state override of zoning that would allow a the buildout his firm calculated was necessary to deliver profits.
and blogging
Encourage and supervise children to play outdoors in groups.
I ate my way through every different flavor, duck, roast pork and buk choi, mushroom, pumpkin, prawn and chives, tofu, and the tasty siu my.
There's always things you regret doing or NOT doing in life.....I wish we had planned to go sooner.
Reflecting, ‘I will not let this happen next year,’ I conjure how one could impress and wow a dinner table with new conversation, but without the pretentious perception of expensive wine. Bring beer!
I moved here about a dozen years ago. My plan was to stick around for a year and then head for the brighter lights of New York, and a glamorous career in publishing. Instead I've been here ever since. Because as much as I hate this place--and I do, I really, really do--I love it even more. I'm originally from Alabama. I spent my late teens and early 20s in Georgia. I've also lived in Colorado, Virginia, South Carolina, Iran and Kuwait. But if you ask, I'll tell you I'm a San Franciscan.
HARRISBURG, Pa. — The billboard is down, but the issue’s not gone.
www.hoshomccreesh.com
It sounds radical, but in terms of knowledge and learning, I don’t think it is really incredibly radical to say that schools are not as necessary as they used to be- but then the way that they are necessary will continue to be valid until society changes dramatically in other, economic, ways.People need their kids to be in school because they are working.So it’s hard to imagine a world without school before imagining a world in which jobs have been dramatically restructured.
"Well, being of Germanic race and getting along decently with the local dialect I sneaked out of the taberna where we were eating and relaxing (a pretty boring place) and with stolen clothes I started asking questions around. Rumors spread fast. But in a forest not far from your tower .... AHHHH! "
HP SimplePass with Integrated Fingerprint Reader,
Let’s look at the Message Paraphrase of Philippians 4:12…Paul is saying he’s learned to be happy in the different seasons and circumstances.
Few are able to initiate change in the deepest, darkest, most firmly rooted aspects of our being. To do this requires a lot of dedication, ability and energy.
They also come to us to be heard. I guarantee that 90% of the people who come to your bar just need to Vent, Have their ego stroked or Just want to talk. I know some of you are like “Talk to my Guests?” Who has the time for that? Well I can tell you that I have had the most repeat business I.E. (Regulars) than anyone in my company. Why? Because I listen. I know what everyone needs, wants, and desires.
Engineered and mixed by Peter Brook at Studio 202, Adelaide, Australia;
THAT'S how it ends?!?!
Today i am going to share spinach dal, methi dal, and plain dal recipes. These dals can be enjoyed with hot rice and a dollop of ghee or with hot rotis.
These companies are loading there foods with toxins and poisons, it has been sprayed with pesticides, insecticides, fungicides, and herbicides. Most of the foods on the shelves of a traditional grocery store have been injected with chemicals. The fertilizers that their farmers use are all poisons and chemicals. The fertilizers get into the roots of the plants and end up inside the fruit, and the fruit itself can't even bare fruit. Most of the fruit now days is made from hybrid seeds that produce fruit that can't even germinate and reproduce its own kind. It can't even sustain its own, how is it going to sustain you in the long run. Bottom line, when you eat the cheaper food that is produced for the masses, it is like eating an apple that has been sprayed with Raid. And no, washing it off doesn't help because it is inside the apple and in the skin. The chemicals and preservatives that the national food companies use are 100's of times more powerful than Raid.
all about alex
After the second episode was over, Peter leaned over and gave me a soft kiss. We got into making out and he stopped for a second to just look at me.
I missed you, butcher, greengrocer, cheese man and wine guy.
They have used earthquake and weather weapons to punish countries who denied them access. This includes the Christchurch quake in New Zealand after the cabal was denied use of their lush, southernmost mega-island.
“Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.”
I had the wonderful opportunity to see our school's production of The Wizard of Oz, and I must say, our students are pretty talented. To add to my enjoyment, my 4 1/2 year old grandson and his mommy came with. He's very familiar with the story and was a little concerned that the wicked witch would be scary. But he loved it. It's always so fun to enjoy it thru a child's perspective.
Here are some of the reviews I found on yelp. I really think the bad reviews are people from other pizza establishments trying to tarnish the good name that is DiCarlo’s. Yeah, that’s it.
So, why do the good folk of this world think that writers, singers, actors, painters, sketch-artists, magicians, even bloody mimists, will at the drop of a hat, perform freely.
The old Massai said: The lion is taking the body away. But it will make us suffer. It will kill many more men. Beware! A man eating lion is a very shrewd cat!
We arrived mid-morning Friday and began the campsite hunt with a stop at the NPS office (I think that's what it is?) to talk with a ranger. He advised me that the Oregon Inlet campground was most centrally located, so we headed that way . . . and found a CAMPGROUND FULL sign on the door. I went in anyway, and found that some campers had just checked out - they had the perfect place for us!
Currently, Isabella misses her family, especially her mother. She wants to go home; but doesn’t know how to get home. She’s restricted, trapped by this King of Pentacles AND/OR in an old building, structure, traditional, school, library/archive,church, government building.
So stop on by Annie’s Book Stop of Worcester and purchase your copy today!!
“And that means you do what exactly?” best to humor the nutties. Happy crazy is generally a peaceful crazy but as her better judgment urged her to make distance from blue eyes she found herself continuing their exchange.
Cut the avocado in half and discard the seed. Scoop out the avocado flesh and place in a blender (or using a stick blender together with the rest of the ingredients. Blend until smooth and pour into glasses. Garnish with mint and serve immediately.
"Well I tried to get the party at your place again, but you-know-who wouldn't let us." Britney answers.
In the introduction, James Hunter (himself a noted Scottish historian) remarks “universal themes can sometimes best be understood by studying their local impact”. This runs contrary to how history was perceived for many years, but is an approach that I personally identify with, and have been inspired by in Richard Reid’s historical writings.
Faith in the odds, my assurance,
Harley-Davidson dealers around Puget Sound are major sponsors, but organizers stress that Puppy Putt is an “all breed” event, open to riders of all makes of motorcycles. Details can be found online at www.PuppyPutt.com.
I'm still halted.
me: "huh?"
Art. 24 (Expert appraisal) For questions of a technical nature arising during the investigation and prosecution, the copyright administrative management entity may entrust special agencies or engage expert personnel to carry out appraisal.
Looking at my life now, as a 25-year-old man, or better yet a twenty-something, I find myself struggling, as usual.
Rossbell Singh is Fiji-Indian. Her strict upbringing highlighted the importance of discipline. She is keen to pass this on to her own son so, to establish a routine of studying, she employed a private tutor. When he started kindergarten.
The animation doesn’t seem to be a letdown either. It gets bright and colorful when it needs to, but gets dark and the representation looks great. I think it’s also worth the mention here the representation when he gets a nightmare about the bullies and the pities he receives from everyone because of his looks and partly his attitude. It was artistically good, and it made me look forward for more.
'Everyone's got something equally important to contribute.'
Baby Milk Action is the UK member the International Baby Food Action Network (IBFAN) a network of over 200 citizens groups in over 100 countries and together the world’s health community we work to ensure that the critical value of breastfeeding and the importance of keeping mothers and babies together is recognised. We are contacting you to clarify your policies regarding breastfeeding mothers.
Okay, so I want to take this opportune moment to retract my previous grumblings about Soub's musical taste. In the past I have tended to grouse about the 'generational gap' between his and my musical tastes. Usually I do this grousing on his blog. BUT ...... I walked in to the Led Zepp show thinking, "Ok, I know 'Stairway to Heaven'," but walked out realizing that I have heard every song played at least once before in my life and LOVE LED ZEPP! In actuality many of the bands Soub loves including this one were definitely part of the 'soundtrack of my youth' - just during a time in which I was listening but not yet into knowing the who what when where why of a song. Which is a nice way of saying that I was probably around 9 or 10 years old at the time .... :)
This booklet can be downloaded onto your computer and printed out. You need Adobe Reader to download and view the booklet. If you do not have Adobe Reader, you can get it free here.
If you're unsure about which you've written, here's a quick definition of each:
Both Chega de Saudade and My Favourite Things were quite difficult to play for Oliver. Even though we both spent hours practicing them over the week, playing them was still a struggle.
Not to say that the idea of hitting 430,000 words is tempting and rewarding, but given what’s transpiring in the newly revamped beginning for the book so far, I would never be able to break past the extra 40,000 words tops.
I’ve always said that in order to do what you want to do, you need to do what you have to do.
Now, I’m going to use myself for an example. Currently, I’m juggling three writing projects. Two novels and a short story, each one very different from the others. One novel is currently being told with something more akin to my talking voice, mostly because I’ve been in a hurry and had to crank out word count quick, so I’ve gotten lazy. I figure I can edit later. That story has a very particular sound and voice. The short story is set in 1918. It’s got almost a high fantasy, archaic storyteller voice, and tends to use a lot of older vocabulary and odd sentence structure. Lastly, I have an urban fantasy novel that has its own very different voice again. There’s almost no passive sentences in that one, almost no dialogue tags, and very little reflection. Okay, so there’s three different voices going all at once, and none of them would work right narrating the other stories. Sure, I’m writing all three, but for each one, I’m assuming a different mask, a different way of speaking, so that I create the right voice for the story.
”Norway, Danish and International animal sex websites is full of Norwegians who desire sex with animals, the Norwegian Tabloid VG reported in 2009.
Betel of Britain is a Christian organisation of charity founded in the year 1996. According to the introduction on the official website of the organisation, they ‘dedicated to restoring homeless and substance-dependent people to productive, independent lifestyles’.
of a place buried beneath the hard stern gray city
So, my advice is to set goals, whether they be daily, weekly, or month. Whatever it takes to get your butt in the chair.
All started out relatively well, but the first exercise was killing me with all of the jumping. My knees are relatively weak, so I didn’t make it past the first 10 jumps. I modified a few times, and ended up feeling best with standing, going down into a squat, picking up the bag, then pressing up and going back into the lunge. This was way easier on my knees. The jumps were too much today.
“He did some irrational things brought on by extreme exhaustion and dehydration,” she explained. “Many of the attacks against the film were very personal and Jason took them very hard.”
This is exactly what happened to me while I was sitting here, minding my own business, editing a piece of really good fiction for my friend Shaunna, and I heard “Everlasting Love” by Andy Gibb. Yes, I realize that by doing this post, I will be dating myself on the interwebz, and I’m ok with that.
This year, an image has been forming insistently in my mind whenever I'm sitting at the Ancestor altar:
Son: And is Jupiter cold, too?
The definition of security offences
THE PRESIDENT: With respect to Social Security, Social Security is not the source of our deficit problems. Social Security, if it is part of a package, would be an issue of how do we make sure Social Security extends its life and is strengthened? So the reason to do Social Security is to strengthen Social Security to make sure that those benefits are there for seniors in the out-years. And the reason to include that potentially in this package is if you’re going to take a bunch of tough votes, you might as well do it now, as opposed to trying to muster up the political will to get something done further down in the future.
Its green, dark green with dangerous granite mountains that block storms and cast shadows. Crystal rivers carve the dense valleys and rolling fields filling the wide blue lakes that shimmer like mirrors. Towering pines, birchs, oaks, maples and hemlocks sway in the unpredictable breeze, breaking the sunlight into warm silver beams that sparkle the dew-laden grass. The October landscape is changing. The green leaves are dying and turning to gold, ruby, amethyst, and garnet. The fallen leaves crunch under your feet and when you speak, you see your breath plume in front of you. Soon, the trees will be empty and bare, the ground will be white with snow and everything will be quiet, trapped in ice, asleep.
75. Nice boots, want a meaningful relationship?
Also, when I hear the word “Xanadu,” I hear lines penned by poet Samuel Coleridge who lived in Devonshire England from 1772-1834, one of the “seminal” minds of what has been called the Romantic Period of literature. I had a brief introduction to him when I took this course as an undergraduate at Brigham Young University.
I've had the same wallet for 12 years. Its an old Hurley one that has a leopard H. It is perfect and I can't find another perfect one to replace it for the life of me. I've looked. Good thing its holding up well. Like surprisingly well. Its probably one of the things I have owned the longest in my entire life.
it comes with me
It was 1999 and Danielle was a ten year old with cerebral palsy who was non-speaking and non-ambulatory. Although she would soon have a defined yes/no we weren't there yet. She lay on a mat in my classroom in the city and cried. We tried music, favorite toys, hand lotion and massage and even scolding her to stop. She didn't. Finally I verbally listed body parts to her from the toes up touching each one and she stopped crying when I said "do your thighs hurt?" Two days later we have confirmation of a femur fracture from previously undiagnosed brittle bones. I filed away the memory of connection between the unusual behavior and the student being in pain.
Speaking of food and chewing, etc., it is interesting to add that she STILL doesn't have a single tooth in her mouth! LOL...oh well.
I sincerely hope you all tune in to the launch. I've rarely been this excited for a completely inconsequential thing.
Holocaust Remembrance Day (Yom HaShoah) began in the evening of Wednesday, 18 April 2012, and ended in the evening of Thursday, 19 April 2012.
the hundred burning holes within.
But the Ward 8 councilman says he isn’t a survivor. Instead, he describes himself as “one of the most successful elected officials in America.”
However, the film does not give an in-depth analysis of how it all led to that situation. With a slight focus on war-journalism, as two crew members of the movie were killed, it does not tell the story of how irresponsibly the mainstream American media covered the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan and following events.
Tactical momentary-on forward click switch
Has this ever happened to you? With what books? And what was it that caught you? __________________
Those are the words of Amrish Puri’s character, Kishorilal, the typical NRI rich industrialist living in Ameerika who travels back to Hindustan to keep in touch with his roots and meet with childhood friends, like Alok Nath’s Suraj Dev. After some typically spectacular Indian hospitality, Kishorilal thinks, “I Love My India“ and figures why not marry his fancy American-raised son to a pure woman of India, Suraj’s beti, Ganga!. Wouldn’t you do the same given the opportunity?
Down the street from where I grew up, there was a video store. This was perhaps, the first video store chain I had ever been into by the time I reached age 15. Of course, I knew of Blockbuster Video back then, but we didn’t have one in my immediate area. We had mom and pop shoppe’s, busy grocery stores that rented out a hodge podge of tapes, and then, this chain store that went by the name of Mammoth Video. All of these were in bicycle or walking distance from home.
They tell me how much you love me
Incomplete tracklist
using a red biro pen which again, is always in my basic tool set. The brides veil and tiara,
Elizabeth Marshall – who suffers from cerebral palsy – had worked as a speechwriter at 113 Chancery Lane for eleven years before being summoned to a meeting with Stephen Ward, the Law Soc’s grandly-titled Director of Communications, Inclusion and Corporate Responsibility. During the meeting, it transpired her position was to be made redundant on grounds of business need. So that’s the Head of Inclusion getting rid of the sole full-time Law Society employee with a disability. Nice….”
Who, that could admire the variance of colors in a garden, can say there is only black and white
I got myself a Moby! Our Hotsling was great while Kate was itty bitty. Now that she's a true chunker, though, she doesn't fit in it very well and she looks (and probably feels) very uncomfortable. She also HATES being held in a cradle position - she likes to be up on people's chests. So I broke down and got us a Moby. It came in the mail yesterday and so far we both love it. It is a lot easier to put on than I thought it would be and it is so much easier to get her into and out of than the Hotsling. She has been sooooo crabby these past two days. I'm thinking maybe she's going through a growth spurt or something because her sleeping patterns have been all off-kilter, too. Sunday night she slept for 11.5 hours straight! (not that I'm complaining about that!)
So tell us which laundry crimes you’ve committed.
Really intense deep marmalade colour.
that make me happy. After my last post (in which I apparently sounded like I was headed for the nearest tall bridge or building based on the number of concerned calls and messages I received), I thought I would get back to blogging about the more mundane parts of my life...
some
Reverts Necromorphs
I have to give props to this place - it really is great for wheelchairs - ramps and parking, and then a platform that rolls right on to the train. It's bench seats rather than dining car type seats, but we didn't care - we were happy to be able to ride at all! If you want the least amount of people, I recommend the earliest train of the day. But even so, it was fine, there was room for all of us, and we all had fun. The train was loud and rambunctious, full of kids - perfect for us! For those who have wheelchairs in Colorado, I definitely recommend it.
I'd noticed it hadn't been updated for a few days, which was very unusual.
Those guys are buying vacation homes - they’re rewarded for tricking people into believing their drugs were safe. But who’s jailed? Backyard gardeners. After all, what could be easier for the government than taking the big drug dealer’s money? Jailing the small drug dealers.
To do list for today-
It begins weeks before the actual day, when the teacher distributes brown paper bags for the children to decorate. (Posh teachers get white bags now!) The use of paper doilies, crayons, and all manner of trims and embellishments were used. Naturally, your name would be quite prominent!
Compatible accessories
-The Little Mermaid ride is a true “Tower of Terror”
And the light changes.
Oh yeah I started this with a note about a treatment. So me receiving correspondence stating it was approved doesn’t really mean it was approved. When the doctor’s office called to confirm they were told it was still pending. So more waiting…
How to use - After putting on your foundation, apply the pencil gently and directly underneath your eye. Wherever there’s discoloration, apply that pencil girl! Take your ring finger (since it has the least amount of pressure) and pat the product until it is blended out. Never rub your corrector or concealer because you want the product to be concentrated in that area, thus having more coverage. That’s what we’re after right? After applying the pencil, use your favorite concealer. I recommend using a concealer slightly lighter than your foundation because you want the underneath of your eyes to be bright. How do you think Kim Kardashian gets that amazing glow and lifted cheek bone effect?
It still needs some work. But more for formatting and font size issues than for actual content reasons.
Although economic recovery in Larimer County remains slow, there are a few bright spots:
Gorgeous, huh?
reengineer
Ty
Personally I am head over Heeeels for their "Sweet Cream & Cookies" Flavor- maybe it sounds simple and not as exciting as some of their other creations.. but it is PERFECTION. Today is just one of those days that dieting and calories simply must fall to the bottom of my priorities list.. it is practically a National Holiday after all. What is YOUR favorite Ben & Jerry's Flavor? For a whole list of options go here!
We are not that nerdy, please believe me.
To conclude my speech, I’d like to say that the only thing I hope for is that as my life approaches its end, Allah will give me an opportunity to go to the land of Jihad and resistance, even if in a wheelchair. I will shoot Allah’s enemies, the Jews, and they will throw a bomb at me, and thus, I will seal my life with martyrdom. Praise be to Allah, Lord of the Worlds. Allah’s mercy and blessings upon you.
to proclaim freedom for the captives
There’s also the jinxing factor. By not reserving a tent you could be jinxing yourself.
1. Soak channa dal and rice separately for atleast 2 hrs or till they are soaked nicely.
We did get down to the the beach to watch a sunset. See....
Gold: Russian Imperial Stout, Iron Hill Brewery & Restaurant, Wilmington, DE
The only situation that I can think of in which this may not be practical is when the department or the company doesn’t really have the budget to stage one, and yes, it’s excusable.
I've had loads of excuses to take on:
The economy of the United States is based on the free flow of resources, energy, and the rights of consumers to buy and sell as they see fit. Any interference in this economic process quickly leads to shortages, rising prices, and civil unrest. The purpose of President Obama signing this new Executive Order is yet unclear, however, it may coincide with information coming out of Israel yesterday that plans for a tactical or strategic strike on Iran are accelerating. Oil prices in Europe rose over $3 a barrel for Brent crude after the Israeli actions, and US oil prices rose $2 for WTI.
Our public universities are not used to such competition, and may end up decomposing into a stultifying heap of monotonous, mediocre institutions unless autonomy is granted first.
There are many ways of paying for access on news sites the obvious methods of Payment are Pay-Pal, using your credit card or using someone else’s account or a business account to pay for these things. Anyone in business who has a website will se value in having, pay walls are very popular these days because more and more newspapers are sending the tabloids out to the public online and this increases the chance of pay per access consumption.
hope you all had a nice time, what did you all go as?
Then I spread my room temperature jam over the first layer. The jam didn’t go very far; I would probably increase the amount of jam by half if I were to make this one again. It then returned to the oven for about 35 minutes. It was starting to brown up nicely
First crush your lemon drops in a food processor until very fine. (Large chunks will melt all over your baking sheet and burn.)
Is there an attack on religion? If there isn’t, there should be.
The Scarlet Pimpernel (Leslie Howard)
And, you know, I’m not a member of Occupy. I’ve never identified myself as a member of Occupy. I’m deeply supportive of the movement. But I think, like any writer or any intellectual, you know, one has to be critical. And I know that this has caused a great deal of dissension, because within the movement there is this noble idea that, you know, we can include everybody, it can be all-inclusive. But, in fact, in order for the movement to survive, it’s going to have to make some tough decisions about agreements, about nonviolence, about transparency, because the way that revolutions work is that you create paralysis within those pillars of authority.
The entire month of May will be dedicated to this series and the farmers that comprise it. I won't feature any full paintings, but, rather, I'll show the works in progress and various details, talking a bit about the painting process, challenges I came across, the farmers themselves, and whatever else strikes my fancy. I'll approach this alphabetically (instead of the order in which I painted them --this blog is Random Access Murtanovski, after all), starting with Geri and John Della Bosca in my next post.
Lapdancer Wright was pulled over in November 2008 when the registration of her car was highlighted by a nationwide police database of motors linked to suspected criminals.
Now that you have your filtered wax and all your other supplies at the ready, melt everything except the oils (so, beeswax, Shea butter and honey) in your double boiler and stir it all together with one of your spatulas.
LC: Nightspell was originally intended as a completely different novel that happened to be set in the same world as Mistwood. When I finished the first draft of Nightspell, I hadn't sold Mistwood yet and didn't know if I ever would, so it wouldn't have made sense to write a sequel to it yet. It was only after Mistwood sold that I thought to connect the events in Mistwood and Nightspell.
Today, I took my nine, eight and four year old boys to the shoe store. One needed sneakers (the dog ate his), and all three needed Crocs for when the pool opens in a month.
Clay stops and starts to walk toward me, but again Lexi, trying to be helpful, tries to catch him which sends him screaming through the shop.
soup and African peanut soup.
Shirley Scott: Hammond B-3 great Shirley Scott (1934-2002) often played with John Coltrane in the 1950s but rose to fame as part of Eddie “Lockjaw” Davis’s group. Her long string of Impulse albums included these two, among her best, alternating her trio with a big band arranged by Oliver Nelson.
James Born of frustration UK
Sometimes a mother just knows, I guess.
Like our books long before they reach the stage of being published, this truly is a work in progress. Sandusky, a respected marketing and publishing strategist, is using Publishr to test and hone a model of digital publishing, which may if successful, prove to be the blueprint for how it should be done. Sandusky plans to publish one e-book through his publishing project. Last week he explained much of his plans for Publishr and his publishing project with Booksquare’s Kassia Krozser.
Never thought about this before, but this scene recalls Neil’s consolation of Todd on his birthday. The “deskset” is a symbol of parental expectation and emotional negligence, so it makes a great deal of sense for him to take his life over his own father’s deskset.
I both loved & loathed this last week of Eric's 4 week vacation. On the one hand, it was so nice to be in our home. To have Lyla sleeping through the night. To cook in my own kitchen. To sleep in my own bed.
You look at me questioningly when I pull out of you and roll you on your side. I lay behind you, moving in close, pressing my body into yours and holding you in my arms. My hard cock nestles between your ass cheeks, and you push back into me, wanting more. Don't worry, you're going to get *plenty* more.
Tomorrow is the last day and we start with the final exam.
Establishing his own spot amongst the ranks of East Coast hip-hop’s seminal figures, DJ/producer Statik Selektah utilized his turntabling skills and ingenuity in PR and promotions to break some of the region’s most promising artists, bearing his own influence on the national mixtape circuit. He has worked with Talib Kweli, Styles P, Consequence, Freeway, and Jadakiss (among many others); and most importantly, the DJ became a major-player on the mixtape circuit as his releases with Nas, Q-Tip, John Legend, and Saigon received major accolades and write-up’s. Statik dropped his first LP, Spell My Name Right in 2007, Stick 2 the Script in 2008, 100 Proof: The Hangover in 2010 and Population Control in 2011. Last year also saw him teaming up for projects with Action Bronson and Freddie Gibbs as well as a full length masterpiece Straight, No Chaser with REKS earlier this year.
The Dow? Well, after they remove the shattered remains of former components it could settle nicely around 6,000 or take a trip down memory lane and retest the 1987 highs.
Beat the eggs, yoghurt, and cheese. Snip the fresh herbs into the mixture.
Cost of kayak: $1000
“Don't be ridiculous!”
One M&T Plaza - Main Street between Eagle & North Division
Originally I was going to cover the chair in purple fur for Katelyn to have as a reading chair in her room but not that she and Drew share a room there isn't enough space. The only fabric that I could find that I even liked the pattern and the color ended up being a set of sheets from Walmart (Better Homes and Gardens) and it was a huge cost savings. So much cheaper to buy twin sheets then that same amount of material off the bolt.
“We blew it up there,” she said. “With a little air compressor like thing.”
The Extraordinary Education of Nicholas Benedict
More time has passed and he has been in my home on two different occasions. Last week, we kissed and I felt no spark. None of the passion that has always flowed between us was present on this occasion. I took note of this, thinking that it reinforced my decision weeks prior.
Showy evening primrose is doing a little too well, and I ripped out half of that. Now that he's very established, and in an idea situation, according to the experts, he better be covered in blooms or he's gone this time next year. Too invasive.
My main criticism would be that people who are unfamiliar with the DC universe might find the story confusing at times, though I doubt that many people who even visit comic book stores will not know who Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman are. My other criticism, and the source of my frustration, would be that the writer seems to mention and then promptly skim over several really interesting stories that are probably deserving of their own books. Overall Earth 2 is worth a read though #1 did seem to be an exercise in just going through the motions in order to get to the bigger story.
So what do I do? Sometimes I find myself making items just because I want to and holding it until the appropriate season. Sometimes I do make seasonally appropriate items. And sometimes I put my yarns away altogether (gasp) and pursue another craft.
Right now I'm halfway through the third book, The Magdalen Martyrs. Story is good, pop culture references abound, Jack can't seem to keep it all together. I'm at turns annoyed and intrigued. Maybe this is the sign of a good book, or a flawed one with glimmers of brilliance. I haven't decided. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think I would enjoy these stories more as a movie or television series. The character and setting would stay intact without the intrusion of the devices used by the author.
My neighbor’s name is Joe. He waters his lawn twice each day. Once at 8:00 am in his dirty blue robe and some form of flower decked boxers. Then, he goes out again at 3:00 pm, but now in tan khaki shorts and a button up shirt. Usually, something designed with the tropics or surfing in mind. He has a wife, Jillian. She has short blonde hair, is usually wearing lipstick, and always has fake nails. When the nails start to come off, she lets them fall off one by one. I had fake nails put on once when my school counselor in high school suggested to my parents that I go to a school dance. My hands were useless while I had them on, so maybe that is why Jillian never seems to do anything. She likes to sit in a white lawn chair and watch people. Sometimes she watches her husband water their lawn, other times she watches Pedro from across the street water his lawn. He always does this shirtless and has an almost constipated look on his face. I think he owns a pool boy company that specializes in helping house wives feel young again. I don’t know what Joe does for a living. Neither he nor his wife seem to go anywhere beyond their front lawn.
Upper left is the jurassic maki, lower right is the seabreeze maki and those which are served horizontally is the crazy maki. I enjoyed more the seabreeze maki, it has this crunchy stuff in the middle of it.
“Good. Send a representative immediately. We need to make contact with these men as soon as possible.”
PROBLEM: If Christ had glory with God before the world was, then obviously it is argued he must have existed before his birth on earth.
Anyway, let's take that further, I want my representatives to go one step further than "no" and also repeal all this crap the demorats have managed to force on us.
Gradually, though, a plan developed. Led by one of the more experienced and capable platoon leaders, the plan took shape over several nights of semi-lucid discussions. Xu Guan had been fortunate enough to be sitting at the campfire of the platoon leader when he first broached the idea with some of his trusted confidants.
Star Trek is another favorite Sci-Fi staple. Again my least favorite episodes where the ones that took the Enterprise out of the action. Sure, on those episodes where the focus was on the principles on some planets surface there were the glimpses of the Enterprise orbiting the planet. To me however, thats like having a Ferrari parked in the driveway. My favorite episodes are those where the Enterprise is a part of the action. Give me Balance Of Terror over Shore Leave any day.
La pluie et le froid gachent la fin de saison.
Even though he's uncertain how strong his feelings are for Callum, Brian encourages him to see other guys. This backfires in a rather unexpected way. Callum meets his second boyfriend Simon. Simon might just be a better suitor - he's a bit more romantic and a lot less brash than Brian.
There is much call for a properly run party and even in its present ineptly run state the BNP got over half a million in the GE. For years polls have showed opposition to mass immigration. There was a poll that showed people agreed with our policies but when they found out which party had the policies would not support it. On the doorstep people tell activists they do not trust the leaders and they will not vote for Nazis. This is because they party was not positioned as the new Nationalist Conservative party, socially and culturally Conservative, but not economically. We should be the successors to the "Nationalist Conservatives" and develop to deal with contemporary issues. There are hard financial times coming because of the MS parties profligacy and we need economic policies to deal with this reality and give our people priority not immigrants.
Whatever the reason, I think the idea of opening with a question originated with the short teaser ads that local news operations inject into prime-time programming. They want to lure you into staying up late with the promise of some sensational breaking story, when all they really have for a lead is the new garbage pickup schedule.
Christopher Plummer, Beginners
Brewer Budweiser is a big Fifa sponsor.
After creating an easel card, I designed the layer that would be standing up around the tea cup. I welded the cup, a rectangle, and a heart shape available in Funtime. Have I even mentioned how much I LOVE Funtime and the ease of use?!?! Sure, I've made plenty of mistakes while learning to work with the editting tools BUT it's only enhanced my understanding of how things work and has made my next project that much easier!!
Okay, so apparently "stretch" involves throwing a switchblade at the floor, then making your opponent "stretch" to grab it without falling. Sounds like a Redneck Olympic event. The captain of the ferry watches the "game" for a second or two, then turns his attention to Nikki, who appears to be undressing. Hubba, this chick is pretty attractive. A ferry-mate(that doesn't look or sound right, but I'll be damned if I can think of the correct term for him...) is watching the show, as is Hal, the preppy douchebag.
it has been a hostelry continuously from day one, and at one time would
I thought this image would make a wonderful (and a little bit naughty) card to give to hubby on our 20th wedding anniversary last week.
This afghan also uses a granny square type of technique. Love the colors of this one too, the recipients favorite colors. In the picture the bright stripe might look a little yellow, but it is a green color. Sorry folks, can't find the pattern for this right now, and don't have a lot of time to look. If I run across it, I promise to post it later!
Save The Best For Last (single 1992)
I wonder how they're going to handle the collateral damage from their foolish statements?
Watch and love and live
Mr. ROBERTSON I do not think that this suggestion (of which I had not previously heard) need be seriously considered.
2008 Caracciola), Queen Alexandra Stakes (2009 Caracciola) and Ascot Stakes (2011 Veiled) at Royal Ascot, plus the Goodwood Stakes (2010 Ghimaar). Mick Fitzgerald was his long-time stable jockey until retirement in 2008, when Barry Geraghty took over. Geraghty splits his time between Britain and his home in Ireland, and has continued in as successful a vein as his predecessor. Henderson had his best ever total of 153 winners in the 2010/11 campaign, which saw Long Run develop into Britain’s best chaser, and accrued just over £2.2 million in prize money, another personal best, as he finished runner-up in the trainers’ championship (decided on prize money) for a third successive season. He celebrated his 2,000th Jump winner when Punchestowns triumphed in a graduation chase at Kempton on February 11, 2011. This season has already yielded Grade One success courtesy of Binocular in the William Hill Christmas Hurdle at Kempton Park on Boxing Day, while Riverside Theatre landed a repeat victory in the Grade One Betfair Ascot Chase in February on his seasonal reappearance. Grandouet collected the Grade Two StanJames.com International at Cheltenham in December, while on the same card Quantitativeeasing took the Grade Three Spinal Research The Atlantic 4 Gold Cup. Finian’s Rainbow, runner-up in last year’s Racing Post Arkle Trophy Chase, landed the Grade Two Desert Orchid Chase at Kempton Park, while the latest superstar on the block is Sprinter Sacre, who is still a novice but is unbeaten over fences, including a facile victory in the Racing Post Arkle at the Cheltenham Festival. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 1979 Zongalero (2nd);1980 Zongalero (Refused 20th); 1981
CALLER: OK. Last night -- good example -- we had a neighbor come over, and this neighbor -- when every time he comes over, it's always a black comment. It's, "Oh, well, how do you black people like doing this?" And, "Do black people really like doing that?" And for a long time, I would ignore it. But last night, I got to the point where it --
In both the case of too little catecholamine activity and too much, the effect on the PFC is to put it in a state of distraction, disorganization, forgetfulness, and lack of inhibition, while the perfect amount of catecholamine release enables the person to be focused, organized and responsible. In other words (I find this fascinating) too little engagement and too much stress both take us to the same ineffective place. In order to be at our best, we need to be in balance.
¼ cup vegetable oil
My Grandmother passed a way a few years ago at the good age of 96. While helping my Aunt go through her things, I remember thinking...I wonder if she did take the examiner up on his offer and if we would find a small jar with a well-manicured finger, nestled in her closet. Of course, this never happened. Just a really nice collection of costume jewelry:)
All in all, this is a very funny issue, probably the high point of Assistant Editors' Month. I was a big fan of Letterman and Marvel Comics when this came out, so this has long been one of my favorite comic book stories. I'd like to thank Roger Stern, Al Milgrom, Joe Sinnott and Mike Carlin for making this story happen back in '83!
That’s why I’m asking Seventeen Magazine to commit to printing one unaltered — real — photo spread per month. I want to see regular girls that look like me in a magazine that’s supposed to be for me.
He criticises the churches for perpetuating the segregation of the south but also for allowing the subjugation of the coloured people in the first place. The use of the church to keep slaves enslaved was, according to Du Bois, a contributing factor to problems of morals within the coloured community.
I’m pretty sure I’ll still be late for lots of things – it seems to be in my nature – but I can’t help but feel like I’ve managed to finally step into some kind of “flow” as the gurus always say. I’m more than ready for it.
Made possible with AR app Zappar, the initiative sees a series of fun add-ons, such as being able to dress like the Queen, picture your friends wearing the Crown Jewels and even sit with a virtual version of the monarch’s famous corgi.
R 2: Join to top of any ch 7 loop with sl st. * Ch 4 (for first trc), work 3 trc, ch 7, 3 trc in loop. Ch 7, skip 1 loop. Repeat from * to * 5 times. Join to top of first trc.
Some changes may be possible, as usual... For example, we're considering adding some narrow lace to the hem. But now I've got to head back to work!
5) Don't go to Orson if you think molecular gastronomy is totally stupid before you've even tried it.
The day began early and my eldest son kept me company. Because of the huge retrenchement on art (although it doesn't hurt me personally, i don't have any allowance whatsoever) I thought it would be fun to stretch a clothesline with my little drawings hanging on it. Support your local artist, was a sign also hanging on the clothesline. I had some nice linen on the table with my larger drawings, some paintings and greetingcards, businesscards and free commercial greetingcards. Perhaps i was a bit too enthousiastic, because at the end i heard that my table was a bit too full and the clothesline wasn't appreciated for being disorganized. I agree with the table, a bit too much for sure LOL, but i chuckled about the clothesline. Hmmm some artists are taken themselves very, very serious without any humour. Don't get me wrong, i take myself also serious as an artist, very much so, but it's good to laugh about yourself also i think. There are too many swollen headed people on this planet. People who also can laugh about themselves (like George Clooney in a coffee commercial) have my heart.
On top of that I wore a strapless dress to the shoot since it was the more complicated outfit to put on. We were in such a rush to get there I forgot our third outfit, AND my bra!! So our amazing photographer had to make sure you couldn't see any goodies in the photos with the white shirt!
This design provides for both shared and intimate experiences in the garden. Three gardens are created here: a common area, a wildlife habitat garden, and a rain garden.
"It's dry!"
It was a snowy and blustery night, but it was warm and cozy inside the library. There was hot cider, there were cookies to decorate, there were snowflake balloons on sticks that doubled as weapons for a crowd of little boys who had eaten too many of those cookies.
Day 1: Little Bear by Elise Minarik, info from Childcraft:World & Space, and pictures from The Moon by Michael George
So here's looking forward to the summer...looser schedules, no homework hanging over my head, and a stack of books that's been waiting for me to devour. I might still be able to find excuses not to keep up with my blogging, but they probably won't be as noble.
Wear a green
Note the Levi's blue jean jacket (which I still own), decorated with band pins, the Wayfarers, the "Frankie Say WAR! Don't Do It" T shirt, the Guess tapered jeans with zippers at the bottom for an even tighter fit around the ankles, and the Converse high tops. If you looked at me from behind, you would have seen a bleached blond rat tail, and a perky teenage ass that I didn't appreciate at the time.
“Our parents responded to my sister’s anger in a way that frightened me further. I also felt tremendous guilt for not being able to prevent the horrors that my sister endured. Once she was ‘classified’ as a psychiatric patient, she was lost. Everything that was done to her in the name of ‘treatment’ seemed to me to be a form of ongoing abuse and torture.
-spray painted tray
But if you do want followers, there are a few things you should take care of first.
This is archive material from the early days of the Detroit Cobras, before the release of their first album in 1998. The beauty of this stuff is that it is classic Cobras-style with lo-fi production, perfect for the Cobras’ sound, performing in badass fashion, songs by Ray Davies, the Mysterians, and The Supremes, to name a few. And this is party music. You can’t go wrong firing this album up at your next
Familiar with this website? It's a great way to find new artist's and pick up some cool (pretty cheap) art. Each week ( Every Tuesday to be exact, Buy Some Damn Art brings you new, original work by up-and-coming artists. ) This week I've been eyeing the work of Kate Lewis who does these great pieces inspired by interiors.
For there is nothing else in life (barring the immense world spiritual world of emanation in which Royals could well be mere gnats compared to the Djinn and Devas who even then in turn are below the cultivated among faithful, even as Earth is a grain of sand in the Universe, and such inaction is particularly unacceptable and incongruous to the noble spirit (and consideration to the subject citizens) that should typify royalty worldwide. How could any citizen be raised above another in this manner in the material world and with flawed laws? Spiritually untenable.
Dare to take your life from blah to BLAZING!
So how can I focus now on the realms that touch our core business – Sports & Tourism?
Travis Benjamin, WR, Miami — Everybody insisted the Browns needed speed at wideout — Benjamin was the fastest player at the combine (4.36 40 yard dash). He’s tiny (5’10", 172 lbs) and apparently gets miffed easily by press coverage. Has some return ability, which is always nice.
Pinch of thyme
I get the tin foil out to wrap the sandwiches in, two minutes later, when I need to use it, it's been put away again.
“The only terrorist most Americans will ever encounter is a policeman with a badge, nightstick, mace and Taser,” Paul Craig Roberts wrote in 2007. “Police brutality has crossed the line from using excessive force against a resisting Rodney King to unprovoked gratuitous violence against persons offering no resistance, such as the elderly, women, students, and elected officials.”
Late last week, Jeremiah of knowthesphere inadvertently – and rather unexpectedly – brought me to a very bad place. It’s a memory I know exists, but never acknowledge. It’s a memory that can only come to life through the use of words, placed in a certain order that, when read back, break the locks normally used to keep it in it’s place – forgotten, ignored and dismissed. An un-memory, if you will.
Why be you… self-centered and weak?
Delirium Noël (reviewed by JM)—This was the beer I had been anticipating. After falling head-over-heels for Delirium Nocturnum, I was very excited at the prospect of trying the Delirium Noel, a dark Belgian ale. The familiar pink elephant that is the mascot of the Delirium products sports a Santa hat and winter scarf on the label of this bottle - a nice touch, I thought.The pour was a cloudy and rich amber color, with a good thick head that showed some staying power. On closer inspection, there was some sediment swirling in the glass, a constant stream of bubbles running up the side.
and was willing to be the
1:00 p.m. FREE showing for GPSD and WLSD – SOLD OUT
The new party has to be restructured as soon as possible. And in order to progress unification with other like-minded organisations, all the key officers of the nationalist parties should be invited to come together for a conference to bring this about.
Your own tears, probably, foolish woman! Thought you and Merlin could hide Arthur’s daughter from me, did you? I can see through the mists between worlds, so I knew all along where she was… I just couldn’t touch her, until Mordred killed Arthur and we lured her out of Avalon. Now she’s here in the land of men, and no fancy Avalonian armour or magic sword will keep her safe from ME! The throne of Camelot belongs to Prince Mordred. All other threats to the succession must be removed.
She liked music so much, she would sit in front of the radio, and write down the lyrics to her favorite songs. Then, she would buy music magazines to check the lyrics, and to read about the lives of her favorite singers.
However, the BBC This World investigation has uncovered the notes Cardinal Brady took while the boy was questioned.
I decided to compare how we used to eat with how we eat now using the 5 dinners in ONE hour plan. We used to eat at least 2 fast food dinners a week and I would cook or make frozen pizza the other nights. I know, not so healthy but that was reality.
It's trying everything, absolutely everything. It's being on prenatals, just in case. It's thinking about what you will be doing next year for Christmas, you know, when you have a baby. And then next year. And then the year after that.
A reminder to members of the Academic Challenge team- field trip forms for Friday’s trip are due tomorrow!
Pearls, Swarovski crystals - lavendar
...whose screen name is Jajaneko. :3 I do watch the lolita groups on DA still, I just haven't had the time or money to invest in lolita fashion for myself since I left home. This girl's dress designs caught my eye!
08. Ocean View - Pieces of a Dream / 5:18
- Showcase your ShowMe’s online at ShowMe.com and share your knowledge with your students, friends, family, or the world!
But they are little more than cardboard cut outs: they pose constantly but only show one side of themselves and this pretence is kept up by the media. The pose as rebels but live in fabulous mansions, have gardeners, butlers, nannies and send their children to the best schools.
dreads full of seashells,
The study also threw up three different types of fan relationships. The Entertainment Seeker, the Fantasy Seeker, and the Inspiration Seeker: Different fans would be deriving different benefits from different celebrities.
Dietary Fiber 0.1 g
“In Medina, Muhammad displayed impressive leadership skills,” the textbook asserts. “He fashioned an agreement that joined his own people with the Arabs and Jews of Medina as a single community. These groups accepted Muhammad as a political leader. As a religious leader, he drew many more converts, who found his message appealing.”
The campaign of vilification which lasted for eighteen months and had been featured in media all across the world, culminated in a time bomb being planted outside Peter Griffith’s home. The bomb was a battery and clock placed on a meter cover, connected by wires through the letterbox to a detonator and an explosive substance. The explosion splintered part of the front door, blew the dining room door off its hinges, broke the hinges on an upstairs door, blew off the loft entrance, smashed some windows and drove splinters into the walls and stair banisters in the hall. The police thought it the work of experts. The media created a climate in which Peter Griffiths was made a legitimate target for political fanatics. This shows that irresponsible journalists and politicians set up people for attack if they disagree with them and put people’s lives in danger especially now we have many Muslim extremists in the country, if they use wild and emotive terms of abuse based on lies.
Skin - E0000, 000, 00, 11 and chalk for cheeks
But I digress. It was a pretty mean thing to do. To “Dwight Shcruite”, whoever and whereever you are: I’m sorry about your organizer. I know the feeling of loss that must have caused, because I’ve lost things I’ve put a lot of work into more times than I want to remember. But it was just too laughable for me to care. So in a sense, I judged you, and punished you for being wanting. I suppose I have some negative karma from that, but fortunately for me I don’t believe in karma as a disembodied force.
Well, it was now or never, and I knew I had to start.
I'm glad we went to a matinee & had $2 coupons off.
waved in the cold crisp air
A couple of weeks ago, I had to be in Stratford on Avon for a meeting, and it occurred to me to contact potter and blogger Matt Grimmit, who lives in Evesham, not too many miles further on.
I picked up this cute little There She Goes gnome from My Little Friend for this sketch - love all the gnomes and their sassy little sentiments. I started by stamping him in Memento Tuxedo Black ink and then colored him with Copics. I sponged around the bottom in Memento Desert Sand and added a little sponged Memento Canteloupe around the top edges. These cute papers are My Mind's Eye Lime Twist - Fly a Kite and the card size is 3-1/4" x 6-1/2". I love this size card and I never seem to make them much. That's a shame really.
Didn’t that occur to anyone? Or…is it that they really have no value?
If you want to really hurt your parents, and you don’t have the nerve to be gay, the least you can do is go into the arts. I’m not kidding. The arts are not a way to make a living. They are a very human way of making life more bearable. Practicing an art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow, for heaven’s sake. Sing in the shower. Dance to the radio. Tell stories. Write a poem to a friend, even a lousy poem. Do it as well as you possibly can. You will get an enormous reward. You will have created something.”
3. Bethenny has an appearance at a Connecticut grocery store to promote her Bethenny Bakes line. She tells the camera that usually when she makes an appearance, hundreds of people are there. But this appearance...crickets. WORSE than crickets. Everyone is avoiding or ignoring her, so she decides to approach people (with lights and a camera, no less). She is offering them free cupcakes and they are all "no. Do you know where the rostisserie chicken is?" I had to laugh, but only because Bethenny was laughing too. Well, okay, I would have laughed no matter what.
“He’s brown,” she stated flatly.
I worked in the back, behind the scenes you might say. In a room behind the puppy cages, behind the fish tanks, behind the aquariums that housed hamsters and lizards and snakes. My job was to keep cages clean, make sure everyone was fed and bathed, keep the back area clean, and report any animals that seemed to be sick.
This was the first time we visited Parrot Mountain and Gardens. What a wonderful place. Hundreds and hundreds of tropical birds. I was so enchanted by the birds, I didn’t fully take in the tropical vegetation and the cottages.
God, You know I just can’t see beyond the door
Gladys: So I take it by my lingo you can’t tell I haven’t been to a night club in a while. Do they still do the Hustle?
5. Obsessed (9:03)
Black Memento ink and Copics were the
Dear Boxer,
That is about it. So much for parental involvement. Two green stickers, a bloody sweatshirt, a few bruises, and 3 happy-ish kids--more like 2 happy kids and a slightly disappointed Payton. Close enough.
3. A gardener
On the first day of every month the first thing you should say is "sub me a tenner."
And Friday, there will come a day unlike any other. A day when Marvel’s mightiest heroes will all converge upon one single epic motion picture. A day that fans have waited a veritable lifetime for. And this Friday, it all happens for the first time at the first possible time.
Dear Father,
Check out these hypothetical questions: Is it permissible to pay taxes to Caesar or not? (Matthew 22:17) Is divorce OK or not? (Matthew 19:3) Do you have authority or not? (Matthew 21:23) Which is the greatest commandment? (Matthew 22:35) By whom do you cast out devils? (Luke 11:16) Are you for or against this adulterous woman? (John 8:6) Who sinned, this man or his parents? (John 9:2) Is the kingdom here or is it there, now or then? (Luke 17:20). These are the ones I noticed. Jesus’ answer in every case, refuses to let hypothetical questions impale him on the horns of theoretical dilemmas. In many cases, Jesus moves it to a specific example (which in the seminary we disparagingly called “situation ethics”, and where everything was also discussed theoretically!).
Since I'm not much of a plot-ahead kind of guy, there are always what-happens-next roadblocks, both large and small. Once I've written a couple of chapters and the characters are alive and contributing their suggestions, I have a good sense of the general direction I'm heading, but the details remain fuzzy. With apologies to Aliya Whiteley's brother and sister characters in Mean Mode Median (and to Tim Stretton for citing a fantasy character with an apostrophe in his name), the best analogy I can come up with is that used by Paul Muad'Dib in Dune when discussing seeing the future: You can get a glimpse of a few hilltops and ridges in the distance, but you have no idea what awaits in the valleys between them.
“So that meant that half the number of fishermen were catching just as many fish. Which is hard to explain except that there must’ve been more fish out in the lake.”
Here is a fun 8-'s LO I did. This is not for the challenge- I did it a while ago.... So dont consider it an example- as it doesnt follow the rules- I just thought you might get a kick out of it ;)
This time, they also wanted a pee sample. So mom took Dunc out front and followed him around with a tupperware like container trying to capture they "essence de Duncan". It took three times. Dunc told me it was like a fun game. Mom was not amused.
1 chase
The palace was requisitioned in 1940 as the headquarters of the German army during the Nazi occupation of Belgium during the Second World War.
with six claw arms - three of which hold cans of beer. The little
I’m writing this because I just had the best 2 weeks, and now last night I dipped down again. For 2 weeks, I think I experienced “normal”. I slept at night, I awoke rested, I could think ahead to start laundry before a meeting, I clocked more consecutive work hours than I have in years, I kept my patience with kids, I joked and played games with kids, I kept my temper in check. This was not a mania, as I did not do impulsive things, I was not out of control, I did not stay up all night. I was peaceful and happy and working towards my goals. I started the spring cleaning that never got finished 5 years ago, and never got started the past few years.
There’s a danger involved in putting together a list of the worst in reality television because at some point the number of titles starts to grow unwieldy. What began with a list best described as ‘at least half the reality shows on television’ had to be narrowed down to only ten series, but even that list looked too long, so the boot was given to shows involving Kardashian sisters, David Hasselhoff trading places with another person named David Hasselhoff and the gargantuan noise factory that is The X Factor. So with some fairly bad shows sitting this list out it should be pretty apparent how genuinely awful the following shows are.
We set out as a Unitarian Universalist Minister and a Catholic Franciscan Sister aspiring to be Faithful Fools. We had both come to a place in our lives where we longed to be faithful to a way of being and seeing in the world. Our many and varied experiences in life led us to one, simple truth - we are all human. No amount of wealth or education, nor any particulr place or religion protects us from suffering or assures us of joy. We have an unabashed belief that everyone has the potential to change and be changed and the work is for a lifetime.
7 oz tube almond paste ( not marzipan)/8 oz can almond paste
Thanks, Cristin! On another note, don't forget there are only a few more days to enter my giveaway from SimaG Jewelry. Go here to post a comment for a chance to win a beautiful engraved necklace.
And I was so glad I took the class. It was amazing. I just had to compliment the teacher after. Turns out, she took the training class after mine. We exchanged numbers and decided we were going to meet up to create more routines together.
Day Four: Drive to Sacramento – lunch on the Capitol (potential Governor visit); on to Napa, dinner at Stag’s Leap cave
Sandra Feazel's heart allows you to manipulate, paint, sew and more to create this winged heart pocket beauty. Perfect for you to play cupid and tuck something sweet into and leave behind for your Amore' to find.
I have had the miserable experience of losing valuable information on both an SD card and an External Hard Drive. Now, I'm a little paranoid about my data.
They’re messing with food chains and water tables all across the country, and they don’t care as long as they can make a buck. And somewhere around half the people in this country think this is a swell idea. Damn liberal eco-fascists, messing with our job creators! Doesn’t matter that we are all of us going to pay for it with some serious drops in standards of living. Well, all of us who can’t afford to pack up and jet off to Monte Carlo or the Alps or that nice island we just bought in the Caribbean.
These were some of the 2009 horrors that I hadn't managed to see before getting started on the #towatchlist (and were consequently added).
With the unfortunate passing of filmmaker Krzysztof Kieslowski, cinema lost a great storyteller but he left behind an enduring legacy, most significantly Three Colors, a trilogy of films named after the colors of the French flag: Blue (1993), White (1993), and Red (1994). Each film explores the ideas that came out of the French Revolution: liberty, equality and fraternity. Kieslowski was not concerned about them as political concepts but rather how they pertained to the protagonists of all three films. Incredibly, he wrote, shot and edited them all in under three years and they were released at the prestigious film festivals in Venice, Berlin and Cannes to much critical acclaim. Previously released in a box set by Miramax, the Criterion Collection has produced their own edition with newly remastered transfers of each film and several new extras, giving Kieslowski’s films their trademark deluxe treatment.
Then he entered his own homes, where all desires are most perfect. In those palaces were sixteen thousand wives.
“We don’t want to get the other side of it,” he said. “We want to stay as we always have been — family oriented.”
There are four new charts in my stash thanks to the sale and two very kind RAK's (One chart and one gift certificate..... thanks Rachael and Liz!) and I got these......
I'd tried to convince myself that since I'd finished the first draft that hey, I could probably give it a go. I read the instructions. I should have known better. But then reality hit. I couldn't participate because the agents are looking for MS-ready-to-query. And as she often does with Charlie Brown, Lucy yanked the football from me at the last moment and I landed on my bottom. One of the few times it pays to have a round-about-figure.
For now, however, Spitzer--who could have lobbied Silver--apparently passed on the chance to stall or change Atlantic Yards.
Doesken has been tracking hail data for more than 30 years. Fort Collins was one of the locations hit with 4.5-inch diameter hail on July 30, 1979.
Yet, God had plans for me!
Doctor: “Well, just drink rice milk. Keep track of what you eat. Then call me back in two weeks and we can see if you need bloodwork.”
This passage marks a milestone in the development of the relationship between Jesus and his disciples. Early in his ministry, Jesus taught in parables, stories, whose meanings were often obscured from his followers. Now Jesus, on the last night with His disciples before His death, speaks plainly to His disciples.
Use in recipes where you would use cream.
Important Notice: After six years Master Baiter´s has changed its location. We are still in Marina Vallarta, only now we´re located in front of Dock D. Our phone number is the same (011 52 1) 322 779 7571, this is my cell if you are roaming. My shop number is still (011 52 322) 209 1128 if you are local then my cell is (044) 322 779 75 71 or shop is at (322) 209 1128. We still are waiting for the new business license so my doors have been closed but you can still come by and say hello and get anything you need.
The company belongs to the Adonai Group, founded by Nigerian businessman Adegboyega Olulade.
Dave and I are in the process of finalizing our wedding album design with our photographers, and I have to say it's been bittersweet.
In 2006, three Chinese/Taiwanese artists, Dai Dudu, Li Tiezi, and Zhang An created an oil painting with 103 figures from world history. If you hold your cursor over a figure you see his or her name. If you click on the figure it will take you to Wikipedia where you can access the historical information.
of the needs of the youths.
And at this point, I want to make room for all the possibilities in between us living together right now and us never speaking again.
Right now, I don’t have ready access to these seemingly essential tools of office work. I don’t know whether we just have a shortage, or whether there might be some safety issue involved. I feel I’ve demonstrated a level of responsibility during my 30-plus years with the company to show I can be trusted to handle sharp instruments. If there is some training involved in how to properly attach one piece of paper to another, I’d be eager to learn. I believe learning is a lifelong pursuit and am always eager to gain new skills.
I wish I could have worn this outfit to my first ever visit to a nightclub. It must have been 1978 or 1979, I was 14 or 15, and the nightclub was called Peaches, in Milton Keynes. That probably tells you all you need to know... Oh the glamour. Studio 54 it was not.
Card # 1396: Jered Weaver, 2011 Topps Update Gold US236, Los Angeles Angels (1396/2011)
When Roux was led out for a short recess minutes later, Taukobong yelled: "I'm going to get your mother, you fucking dog!"
I’m Forever Blowing Bubbles is a relic of the old custom of community singing at football matches – formal, organized singalongs before kick off. The fingerprints of this era can still be seen right across the land. At Birmingham City, for example, the fans sing Harry Lauder’s Keep Right On To The End Of The Road; at Bristol Rovers the old
For the Pumpkin Spice Donut Batter (makes about 3 dozen mini donuts):
Until then, keep looking up. And, keep knowing that I am eternally grateful to all of you who care about me and my family and this project that God has laid on my heart to share with many.
Ieng Sary (Pol Pot’s brother-in-law), “Brother number 3“, Deputy Prime Minister, arrested in 2007
When I got home I was sick in my bin. Whenever I hear this song a wave of nausea comes over me. As you were.
I had such a great day with everyone.
Robert J. Hymel, 55, Woodbridge, Va.
Right about now you're probably thinking that getting a job and out of the house was supposed to make me more normal.
And all of this will pale into insignificance if Chelsea are defeated on Saturday.
Michael Gogliormella, 43, New Providence, N.J.
Wigmore Hall, Broadcast Sunday 5th Feb 2012
Windows Vista Windows 7 features a four
“No, only with dinner,” replies the hostess apologetically. K and I exchange a look. This is not going well. We were specifically told we could purchase wine, and only wine, if we chose. Short of singing to a crack in the sidewalk and waiting for a grapevine to magically spring up, there seems little hope of accomplishing our mission.
6) joss & main: ok, this one is a shameless plug for good things to come in 2012, but i was approached about it in 2011, so for me, i'm counting it as a 2011 highlight! we are delighted to announce on january 31st, 2012 (a little over 3 weeks from now) that we are having a maison21 curated sale on the joss & main site. the theme for our sale is black, white and BOLD, and essentially it is a curated selection on how to get the maison21 look: liberal use of black and white, paired with bold splashes of color and pattern; as well as touches of glimmering metallics, and the gleam of lucite and mirror- and a maybe little something for the furkids too. selections aren't finalized yet, but i'm excited by what we've put together so far, and i think y'all will like it too!
At the AMBC briefing, Lim was reminded of the state of industry in Victoria, reliant on upscaling its manufacturing in the two-speed economy of Australia against states endowed with mineral resources.
And as I did the Crayon box
Have you finally gotten rid of that paunch? Tell me you're wearing an uber-hot black dress and posing for pictures without sucking in your tummy. That kind of spoils your smile,you know?I mean, you either smile pretty at the camera's or concentrate on hiding the paunch right?
Blackadder: "Baldrick. Do you mean, how did the Euro start?"
wholly and without reservation.
In the dark land of the sun. (bitch...)
I’m already well aware of this issue. I write books for children which are set in the here-and –now. I write about mischievous, curious characters having everyday adventures. And what a lot of problems that gives me with the action, in today’s constrained world.
- To aid with reflux or even just a stuffed-up baby, place a thick book under the crib mattress or lower the mattress settings at one end to give a slight recline to the crib.*
They will probably just say, "Those people were noisy when they yelled at their kids!"
Accessories, Copic markers, Labels 16 Spellbinder, Oval stax die from MFT, Pine branch punch from Martha Stewart, Pearls from SU, and Poinsettia die from Spellbinder
and Henri Morgan (rogue, cannon caller)
So what was it? The waiter explained that the animal itself was not terrorized (at least not by the chef); it was the steak that was handled roughly, first slathered with a strong blend of peppers and herbs, then charred on a hot grill. The violent language seemed incongruous in that health-minded, easygoing city, but apparently the recipe has been around for a while. Maybe nobody minds so long as they reserve the terror treatment for New York steaks.
Sorry it took so long!
Seriously? Islamic Law? You're going to take Islamic Law into account? I'm pretty sure that under Islamic Law, Barack Obama is considered an infidel, no matter who his father was. Of course, I'm no expert, but then again, neither are you. And even if Islamic Law does consider him a Muslim, who gives a fuck? Since when do Christian ministers care what Islamic Law says about anything? Islamic Law could say that Franklin Graham is a brain-damaged invertebrate who only gets any time in the spotlight because daddy was famous, but that wouldn't make it true. I mean, it is true, but not because they said it.
It doesn’t seem possible that that was my first experience of a toastie—I was well into my 30s at that point—but it was the first one that inspired me. Before I ate that sandwich, I had never made a grilled-cheese sandwich on the stovetop; never made a tuna melt; never combined anything with melted cheese between two slices of bread. Since I’ve had it, I would estimate that I’ve eaten at least one toastie a week without fail. Every week for the past six years. From a food perspective at least (and what perspective is more important?), I would define that as life-changing.
“The London Olympics is a major terror target, and British officials have been working for years on a security program that is projected to cost the city over $896 million, at the same time it is cutting major services for the poor and elderly.”
I've cut characters from manuscripts before. Body counts are nothing new for my revision process. But this one hurt more than the others because I loved him so much.
The Supreme Court issued suo moto intervention directives to address conditions at healing shrines and to reform mental health services and institutions. The chaining of people at shrines was banned, and the adjoining boarding houses were ordered to meet mental health licensing requirements or close down. State governments were directed to galvanise mental health workers to identify people with mental illness at shrines, and to move them into psychiatric homes. These interventions were justified by the various statutory agencies as a mode of defending the human rights of people with mental illness, and as protecting them from exploitation by the operators of shrines and unlicensed asylums.
Tons of great female talent is already on board, both new upcoming talent and long and awesomely established talent – including Gail Simone, Devin Grayson, Fiona Staples, Ming Doyle, Stephanie Buscema, Mariah Huehner, Collen Doran, Chrissie Zullo, Ann Nocenti, Trina Robbins, and so many more. IDW is publishing, and they’ve raised 20% of their funds in the first three hours, so get on board while there’s still time!
It's Catholic Schools Week and today, my children's school is having Student Appreciation Day.
Skip ahead to the 27th, so only 2 days, I was laying on the couch at about 10:30pm when I started having severe rib pain. When I say severe I mean tears pouring down my face, doubled up in a ball, wanting to die P-A-I-N! I did everything I could to lessen the pain and it did ease but not much so I paged my doctor. I seriously thought it was anxiety because it kind of felt like what I have heard a panic attack feels like. When talking to my doctor we decided to keep my appointment the next morning unless a few things happened in the night, of which he told me to watch for. Well I made it through the night and got sleep but woke up extremely nauseous at 3:30 and vomited which made me feel better. I got to the doctor at 10 the next morning and he did a U/S and found that I had a 15% abruption. Thank GOD I have the doctor I have because I didn't have any concrete signs of an abruption but because he knew me, he knew something was wrong. We talked about our options and I chose to try to wait 24-48 hours and have the steroid injections for her lungs, because now I was just 34 weeks. My doctor wanted to discuss this with the neonatologist before he approved it but said we were of course going to be admitted right away. While taking me over to the hospital he told me that they were not going to wait but do the c-section in the next few hours, which actually turned into 30 minutes, because I was contracting when they hooked me to the monitors. So our baby Isabella was born at 11:35am on Thursday January 28, 2010 weighing 5 pounds and 18 inches long. When she came out her Daddy and I both had to double check that she was really a girl! I was so anxious, but when I heard that sweet cry, there was nothing like it, such sweet relief!
The most amazing thing you can hear at a Memorial or Funeral is fellow officers just saying to each other, " It's okay Brother, I AM HERE FOR YOU"
Now, this is not news. Things have been weird in this long-term relationship (so to speak) for quite some time. I stopped taking Seroquel — three years ago this month, thank you — went through fierce withdrawal and the most extreme mania of my life, and everything changed, for me. Through it all he stood on the sidelines, shouting that I would diiiiiiie.
Here is a picture of the Chinese themed wall before i forget, though i couldn't get it all in. I really enjoyed learning about China, and think it will be a topic we revisit soon.
We talk nowadays of long, old, particularly northern, tales as Sagas. But in some quarters it is believed that this word saga was once the feminine of the word sage and that the written sagas of Scandinavia were originally sacred histories kept by female sagas or ‘sayers'. Thus storytelling and wisdom-keeping were entwined in one person: 'She who Speaks' ~ the Oracular Priestess. Her appearance in orally passed down fairy tales seems to stress the importance of story for gaining and nurturing wisdom.
I decided to make the piece without a border and with white binding to draw more attention to the old photographs.
-Hector, TwoCents Reporter
First of all, this may have been the best episode of The Office ever!
I'm almost three months into my internship and almost three months into living apart from Matt during the week. Outside of our trips to Texas and NYC, we've been able to spend every weekend together, in Chicago. This means that every single Friday after work, I load up my car and make the 2 hour drive back "home." Besides the weekend we moved me down here, Matt hasn't spent much time in my sleepy little college town. But this weekend, we changed things up, and Matt made the 2 hour weekend commute to visit me. And since there wasn't a single thing on our agenda, Matt came up with a unique challenge for me. Photography bootcamp! (The name was my doing, not his lol.)
In an attempt to answer critics (including me) who have raised concerns over the commission's transparency, independence and objectivity, he said: ‘We will evaluate all the evidence we hear on a fair basis, judge us at the end by the quality of our report.’
I remembered that cynicism wasn’t helpful; I really had forgotten that. I realised I could carry my cynicism like a useless backpack full of stuff that I would never use. Or I could set it down and unpack it, and discard the things that were damaging and put to work the things that were useful.
Our annual trip to Ortley Beach, some day trips, nothing truly exciting….don’t remind me.
No one can challenge Imran Khan for the spot of being Pakistan’s finest cricketer ever. He was the man who took cricket from a hobby to a craze in the country. Handsome, suave, outspoken and phenomenally talented, Imran was just the role model the Pakistani youth were looking for. As a bowler, it was him and Intikhab Alam who pioneered the reverse swing and took the world by storm in the 80s. His reverse swinging yorkers were the best thing to have happened to bowling since Larwood’s bouncers half a century ago. Just like wine, Imran got better with age. He averaged just 19 with the ball in his last 10 years in Test cricket.
If we are going to ever have a conversation about racism then let’s have a conversation about racism. Talking about why we should talk about racism just doesn’t cut it. That ranks right up there with talking about arresting somebody who killed an unarmed teenager and yet the police told him to have a good day as he walked away. People need to want that conversation about race instead of pretending that racism is just a ghost story from our unenlightened past. It’s nothing to fear. And the longer we put it off the longer it will take for America to heal the wounds that we have suffered all in the name of racism and the continued subjugation of people of color.
For that matter, in January please do not ask me if my IUI was successful or not. It might have been but I might be afraid to share the news early on or it might not have been and then you'll just piss me off for being nosy and reminding me that I'm still not pregnant. If I have news I WANT to share I'll do so.
Even as amusement parks and sideshows were establishing themselves out here, so, too were actual vaudeville theaters. Coney Island’s vaudeville houses were strictly seasonal, and there was a very good reason for their existence. This was decades before theaters were air conditioned. In summer, the New York theaters were empty: you couldn’t even go into them they were so stifling. Think of it: no windows, and the body heat of hundreds of audience members raising the room temperature to 98.6. I think of the ordeal as being something similar to the one the Alec Guiness suffered in the Bridge Over the River Kwai. This was an era when men did not take off their coats in public, and again, women wore dresses that went to their ankles. One response to summer heat was rooftop gardens, a number of Manhattan theaters presented their summer shows at these. Otherwise, people would trek out to theaters at Coney Island.
That feeling I got after the curtain fell on the same blue projection that opened Robert Lepage's new production of Richard Wagner's Ring cycle was akin to the feeling of seeing the end of a beloved television serial: sadness that there would be no more adventures in this mythical world of gods and humans. It has been a fun ride, spending four nights at the Metropolitan Opera House, immersing myself in this universe, basking in the glory of Wagner's beautiful music. As for the much-disputed Lepage production: Though I might have had reservations about it in Das Rheingold, by Siegfried I had become used to "The Machine," creaky noises and all; you could say I developed a certain affection toward the contraption. So I don't feel like complaining too loudly about Lepage botching the supposed moment of wonder Siegfried encounters at the top of the mountain before reawakening Brünnhilde in the third act of Siegfried, or his underwhelming visualization of the climactic immolation and destruction of Valhalla at the end of Götterdämerung. For me, the successes—especially with most of the scene-setting video projections and the way Lepage had his singers interact with them—far outweighed the duds. As I suggested in my comments on Das Rheingold in this previous artistic consumption log, I don't begrudge the cranky classical-music critics that have leveled withering criticisms at this production; they have far more context than I do when it comes to assessing Ring productions, I'm sure. But, for the most part, I was fine with the Lepage Ring. Maybe this is yet another case of critics assessing a work of art based more on its cost ($16 million, which apparently is prohibitive in staged opera production?) than on what is actually onstage; maybe this Lepage Ring will one day be considered the opera equivalent of Heaven's Gate (1980) and Ishtar (1987)—films that were greeted with scathing press upon its disastrous theatrical releases as much for their costly productions as for the films themselves. Or maybe I'm just trying to justify the whopping $700 I paid for this experience. Whatever; to me, these were good times.
1TBS cinnamon
On the main screen you will see buttons for 6 main learning areas and one feedback section. Four of the learning areas are reference tools that need internet access, and two are games that can be played off-line. Here is a brief run-down of each section:
Accessories: MS Doily Punch, Oval & Scallop Oval Nestibilities, Riding Hood Red Taffeta Ribbon, Silver Beads, Dimensionals, Scor Tape
Tuesday May 1st my sister and I set up for a birthday dinner date night after I got off work. We knew we wouldn't get to hang out for my actual birthday so we made plans early! And I loved every minute of it!
They cleverly craft their words to have an effect in order to deceive
With these points I shall begin to offer some advice on why doing drugs is BAD (in my opinion)
just before I gathered all the ends and then
½ tsp turmeric
Wouldn't it be nice if we had a button to hit when we need to be refreshed? Like webpages, we too need a way to recharge – our imagination, our writing, our career, and, sometimes life itself.
UPDATE 1110pm CDT 4/28/2012: I currently have a spotty internet connection — st. louis missouri was hit hard with two storms.. taking forever to even upload a picture: here is a current shot of Texas Oklahoma heading towards SW missouri…
“And who is he who will harm you if you become followers of what is good? But even if you should suffer for righteousness’ sake, you are blessed. And do not be afraid of their threats nor be troubled. I Peter 3:13-14”
I learned to read when I was three, leaning over my mum’s shoulder as she taught my older brother before he went to school. I taught myself to write – my juvenile handwriting, for several years, was formed rather like sloppy typescript, because I had worked out the details from playing with my dad’s typewriter.
With these points I shall begin to offer some advice on why doing drugs is BAD (in my opinion)
Strength: This is one of the best offensive teams in the country. The Cougars lead the WCC in scoring with over 78 points per game. They have four guys averaging in double figures giving them multiple options to go to. They have balance in the paint with Brandon Davies and Noah Hartsock in the low-post and Charles Abouo and Matt Carlino on the perimeter. That’s being able to use multiple weapons in multiple ways.
After returning Lulu to the kennel she shares with her kennel mate, Michelle completed what remained of my training. That done, I decided to walk a few more dogs!
But those Christmases were the worst. My dad was bitter that he’d lost his family and my mum’s were all intact. Especially as his family were so much friendlier and down to earth, salt of the earth. He didn’t get on with his mother-in-law who he thought sucked the life out of life with her expectations of her daughters to come running at a moment’s notice and her philosophy of life as ‘hell on earth’.
Hi, Toads and wannabe's. Fireblossom here, and have I got a treat for you! It has been my pleasure and good luck to ply my extensive (read: "non-existent") interviewing skills on our very own Laundry Goddess, Susie Clevenger. She's one interesting lady indeed, as anyone who has read her blog "Confessions Of A Laundry Goddess" already knows. It was kind of her to give me such cool answers as this noob crashed and blundered her way through the interview process. "Make me look good!" I cried, and she did.
Helping others for me always ends up helping myself in the process, when I am helping others I always see the blessing on my part sure they will thank you and God Bless you but the real blessing is in the giver of the gift whether it be your time, money, or what ever you give.
In any case, "IAtW" is a weird enough song on its own, but among its more obscure weirdnesses (an example of a less obscure one being the lyrics, which, though themselves obscure in meaning, are at least easily discernible) is the fact that John had a radio on while they were recording it and the radio was playing a BBC version of King Lear. At the 3:57 mark of the video I link to above, you can clearly hear, in the background (as long as you know its there), Oswald saying "Villain, take my purse ..." and then the rest is pretty clear too, when you know what they're saying.
The winner may select any e-reader ranging from the Nook to the Nook Tablet 8GB or the Kindle to the Kindle Fire.TO ENTER: FOLLOW @WaldenPondPress on Twitter (www.twitter.com/waldenpondpress) and TWEET the following message:
- *Deadline*: Monday, May 14, 2012
And up and down the people go,
What is the name of your first school?
Here’s ‘La Sylphide’ that about a month ago was virtually leafless with a few blooms. The non-rainy summer was very hard on my roses, and I learned something. Be patient with these roses in summer. They’re just taking a break and conserving energy. Poor things can’t go inside to the AC like the gardener does, so they stop producing leaves and usually flowers, too. It’s called summer dormancy.
Markers of Success (Smell Like Strawberry): The Redheaded Slut writes about what makes a relationship a success, and her thoughts resonate with me strongly. I think she's captured some real truths.
Those advocating that CAMRA might consider evolving to reflect the reality of the modern beer scene do so because they recognise that CAMRA has a vital role to play in the promotion of good beer. We do so because we recognise that setting up a 'campaign for good keg beer' entirely misses the point - it makes issues of dispense method and carbonation when these are NOT the issues, and it formalises an antagonistic relationship between two factions of people who are equally passionate about great tasting beer. I don't want to bring up the Judean People's Popular Front again, but seriously, can you not see the parallels?
12/12/11 9:00 AM
The daftest thing happened - and I do fully well understand now how John and Graham get so fed up with blogger sometimes. A bit more than a week ago, for the first time ever since I started blogging, I wrote something that I did not have the time for finishing there and then, and therefore left it as a draft.
These days remote interviews can also be conducted via mobile video phones. This is desirable in situations where equipment and personnel must be kept to the bare minimum, or when resources are spread very thinly. The most well-known examples are during wartime operations when reports are filed from many journalists in difficult locations.
This young woman and her ilk are idealists. They see that war and violence are inherently wrong, and think the world would be different somehow if the strong laid down their arms and let the weak do as they please.
So, what makes it so much better?
5. When my kids eat food that has been on the floor.I try to keep the house as tidy as it can, at least for a house with two active toddlers, a teenager and a carpenter husband.I could sweep the living room floor 50 times a day and you would still find cheerios, yesterday’s toast crusts, pieces of apple and goldfish crackers.I do my best to pick up the “old food” but there’s those few bits that will get missed.My kids can get very creative with their hiding spots and getting them a “play kitchen” for Christmas only seemed to facilitate that.When they were little and they dropped their pacifier on the floor in the grocery store, they would scream until it got picked up.But now they just pick it up themselves and pop it into their mouth.So, really now our job is to make sure that what they are putting into their mouth is actually food and is okay. It’s impossible to stay on top of all the germs unless you live in a bubble.
I am not worried because my “job arregement” means my boss wants me to stay, no? Hahahaha! And even if I its my turn, why to worry? ))) it would just mean is time to do something new… And maybe time to make my dreams come true!
Sounds the note
The second problem is that it basis God’s limitation on people who are in the way of His benevolence. “God is asset rich – He owns it all. But He is cash poor – all His funds are in our hands.” This sort of reasoning is not consistent with good theology. In fact, it’s heretical to His nature. God is not limited in doing good. The premise suggest that God wants you to have that SUV. It’s only because people are selfish that you can’t have it.
smiling in the sunshine
Speaker-independent name dialling (SIND)
returned to the entertainment world shortly after. He died in 1972 after
I’m not done looking around my classroom.
SO GOOD, SO EASY, and SO TENDER!!
Well I’m standing in line in the rain to see a movie starring Gregory Peck
After Money Jihad’s latest post about Somalia’s charcoal trade funding jihadists, we received a note from a reader wondering how lucrative third world charcoal business could really be. Some background is in order to answer that question.
In our parents’ generation, it happened with Big Tobacco.
SO, they had a call to make a Christmas card using non-traditional Christmas product. I wasn't sure exactly what they meant by that so I made one card using a beach theme! I thought it was pretty cute! Ha! Here it is:
Given my self-confessed obsession for yeasted baked goods, it only makes sense that the first post of the year is -yet another- bread recipe.
precious moments we must steal
I know I do.
Before I tell a couple stories from work, I have to explain that in medicine, D/C means discontinue. So when a doctor writes "d/c heparin", it means "stop administering the medication heparin from now on." OK, now that's defined.
“Oh, well I have $60 cash, and I could get the rest later, or write you a check.”
I am so excited about finally meeting everyone in person at the end of the month and learning more about blogging in general. Vane has been kind enough to let me talk a little about online advertising and monetizing your blog. I am by no means an expert, but my husband has worked in the online advertising world for close to a decade and I've been fortunate enough to learn a lot about the industry through him. I was planning on covering just the basics and send everyone home with a little guide. Below are some of the topics I was planning to cover and discuss. I would love input or suggestions on the items below and if I missed out on any topics you might be interested in learning more about. Thanks, ladies!
Know your garden.
What about a person or creature or what have you that exist only in the imagination of one individual? A stranger who appears in a dream, say? Here the right response is to remind ourselves that we are talking about the semantics of intentional predication, not about private experience. In fact the argument is that there can be no public description of private experience; remember Wittgenstein’s beetle-in-the-box. Note that, to the extent that “interpreting representations” is thought of as a process with a phenomenal component (after all, mustn’t there be “something that it’s like” to interpret a representation?), the putative experience of a representation (can one interpret a representation without experiencing it?) cannot be the criterion for proper intersubjective use of the word (see the discussion of phenomenal predicates in Chapter Three).
Jensyn finally figured out how to crawl last week Saturday at Kevin & Annie’s house. Don’t worry – mommy & daddy were there to see!
3.bustin' out
Maybe I'm old-fashioned, but I think our history still counts for something. Besides, I can't just shack up with France. What would the neighbors think?
Normally, these things are just part of my day. But for some reason, everything is irritating.
7) In the popular idiom, a general strike is as old as the hills, or at least as old as the hills of Rome. According to H.G. Wells, the first general strike properly took place in Rome by the lowly plebeians. The plebeians “saw with indignation their friends, who had often served the state bravely in the legions, thrown into chains and reduced to slavery at the demand of patrician creditors.” For veterans of the Iraqi or Afghanistan wars this might sound eerily familiar. In the U.S., one of the first general strikes was the infamous Railroad Strike of 1877. This was, in infancy, the beginning of a nascent labor movement showing its muscle across the nation, culminating ultimately in the May 1, Haymarket strikes and riots that led to the weekend, child labor laws, and the 8 hour day. The typeface is just a reminder how far things have come, and sadly, how far we still have to go. What this poster delivers in simple type face is almost as important as the message itself: We’ve been here before.
I'm trapped inside a debt I just can't pay
Sure, it doesn’t look like much but you’re never going to see it except when you put it in or take it out. It has eight cores in there. It’s pretty fast. Best of all, it works.
Hey guys! I know I haven't been posting everyday recently, but as I said in the last post I've been pretty busy with school and the family. So I'm going to work on doing a post every other day :)
To be faithful requires that I walk with a mirror ever before me and practice constant reflection. When judgments or frustrations arise I often say to myself, "you who have never sinned throw the first stone." I've discovered over time that it ultimately takes less energy to put down the stones than to repeatedly hurl them. It is a greater gift to someone to patiently stand still and be a witness rather than to throw stones toward something or someone I ultimately know little about.
Bottom line point after these a 140 words I have just written: I don’t want people at BSB to take this the wrong way. It’s a great school. I wasn’t saying anything bad about it. I was just comparing it in a rude, funny way to Montclair’s public schools. Sorry to bore you on confusions.
The older I get, the more I notice an instant reaction in my waistline (and fannyline, if I may be frank) when I overindulge in "the whites": wheat, sugar, and salt.
If today had a theme, it would be “The Great Debate.”
arching her feet.
All of these activities are free and everyone is welcome to come and join in, however we do ask that children under 8 are accompanied by an adult.
Brahim, if he chooses to think for himself and cot continue to be a pawn, would know that times have changed.
Perhaps more important, powerful sources regularly take advantage of media routines and dependency to “manage” the media, to manipulate them into following a special agenda and framework (as we will show in detail in the chapters that follow). Part of this management process consists of inundating the media with stories, which serve sometimes to foist a particular line and frame on the media (e.g., Nicaragua as illicitly supplying arms to the Salvadoran rebels), and at other times to help chase unwanted stories off the front page or out of the media altogether (the alleged delivery of MIGs to Nicaragua during the week of the I984 Nicaraguan election). This strategy can be traced back at least as far as the Committee on Public Information, established to coordinate propaganda during World War I, which “discovered in I9I7-I8 that one of the best means of controlling news was flooding news channels with ‘facts,’ or what amounted to official information.”
Disturbing things are happening at Fieldridge High, yet nobody's talking. When Janie taps into a classmate's violent nightmares, the case finally breaks open - but nothing goes as planned. Not even close. Janie's in way over her head, and Cabe's shocking behavior has grave consequences for them both.
Local rock band, The Re-Sessions, are playing a return visit to the Mount Pleasant in Manchester Road. They begin at approximately 9.00 p.m. Tetley real bitter available.
The second year is Juan Gonzalez's MVP season of 1996. The first is Juan Gonzalez's 1993 season. And the truth is that Gonzalez's 1993 season isn't just better, it's A LOT better. Why? Well, for one thing that first season, runs were much harder to come by. In 1993, his 46 homers led the league (as did his .632 slugging percentage). In 1996, of course, offense had exploded, and his 46 homers placed him fifth in the league.
On our list of things to do on Thanksgiving break with mom (besides Black Friday-yes we did it) was finding stockings for her mantle. We had the same stockings since like 4th grade but they were mismatching and we have added a Neil to the family so she wanted a complete set and boy did we do good.
After a while, it felt like my kitchen had no pulse. Sure, it looked crisp and clean, and sleek, but it had no heart, no feeling. So, up went some more stuff. I put postcards on the side of the refrigerator. My kids travel all over the damn place and have studied abroad. Being great kids, they send their momma postcards.
Anyway, we next headed across the field toward the pond. Of course, all that open area is really a wetland. Actually, a lot of it was just difficult walking but dry enough at the moment. At least for a while. Then it got more like this.
The thing is: you can simplify your to-do list, but you can't really simplify people. We are just a complicated bunch.
End of that conversation.
Dear Weed,
This new novel will shortly be made into proofs, and face the copy-editor's pen, and although I am immensely relieved I shall also miss the story - having been immersed for two long years. So, to make up for any sense of loss and to show some of the art that inspired my work I'd like to make a 'picture post'...
“Come visit McAllen, Texas, sometime and take a look at the witchcraft shops operating on Main Street. They must have plenty of customers and be making good money to be able to afford the rent on such prime locations.
Most of my holiday was spent on the beach, it never seamed to rain in those days. I’m on the right, checking my shrimp net, Peter, the boy looking into the camera lived next door to my grandparents and was my ‘boyfriend’. Janet to his right, and her sister Phillipa to my right emigrated to Australia. I wonder where they all are now?
This post: "High oil prices: Fortunately and unfortunately" by Chris Nelder is a useful crib sheet on what higher oil prices can and may well mean in the near future in the US.
Regina Roff designs book covers for Bloomsbury/Walker, and she was the one who created the final version of Lauren Baratz-Logstead's Little Women and Me (read that Cover Story from Lauren's POV).
Tickets are available at venues listed on the flyer. Sure to be the best $10 you could spend that weekend. Hope to see you there!
c. Scissors. And a thick towel while you’re at it. This is for the inevitable poop explosion that babies save just for the car-seat. This is also known as the “up the back” poop. Poop does defy gravity when it comes out of a baby’s butt while seated. Now just imagine trying to take the onesie covered in poop off of your baby. Poop in the hair only comes out after 3 baths, so bring the scissors and cut just above the poop line. And then gladly say goodbye to that oh-so-cute onesie you thought you would eventually bronze. No, it can’t be salvaged, so just trash it. You have at least 75 onesies your grandmother’s aunt’s coworker gave you, so get over it. Oh and the towel is to temporarily cover up the poop that you’ll have to hose off the car-seat later.
The general creative pattern for each of the 4 weeks in question was:
It spread like wildfire across Facebook last week amongst friends and acquaintances from back home. Thoughts and prayers... many updates read. Thinking of... started others. A sad day... a few stated. It was a tragedy. A high school classmate's brother lost his life suddenly and it was tragic. Not just for the community it affected but for all those who have ever been a daughter or a son, a parent or a friend. An untimely death. A loss to a family. To friends. To two daughters. And I was saddened by the entire situation.
Sentence Begin: 06/21/2006
Normally I believe it is best to choose someone in the second half of life; roughly thirty-five or older.
A few photos:
Which isn't hard to do to me.
A new generation of anti-capitalist feminists has emerged in the last years across the world. Although not without tensions and disagreements, these new feminist currents have been in constant dialogue with different traditions of Marxism and the Marxist critique of political economy in areas ranging from social science, philosophy to art history. With the aim of providing a space for this dialogue, the 9th Historical Materialism conference inLondonwelcomes presentations exploring the synergies between the feminist and the Marxist critiques of capitalism in their various articulations.
And, sitting there on the edge of the bandit camp in West Karana, if I had said, “Role Playing,” my daughter probably would have felt she understood and let it be. Instead, I said “camping.”
Earth, water, wind and fire.
There are two sets: one for domestic sewing machine quilters and another one for longarm quilters. The 4 pieces set for domestic machine quilters is meant for marking only. Both sets are identical, except for the 5 piece set for longarm quilters has an additional template A1 cut from ¼” thick acrylic and it is used for stitching on a longarm quilting machine.
I thought he was unctuous and oily and servile and I'm really glad my contact with him was limited. He's just not my kind of person, ya know? I like my people to be more... human. With feelings and stuff.
When you're visiting the Louvre and ogling all those amazing masterpieces from your art history books, it's easy to forget that the Louvre was first and foremost, not a museum, but a royal residence. That is, it was until Louis XIV decided to decamp Paris for the grander setting of Versailles. And despite the many renovations over the centuries, the galleries still bear the marks of the kings who used to live there. Here are just a few I captured on a recent visit:
I will be here (will you be here)
expanded; you became more concerned about the vision of Our Heavenly Father for
So, free speech to Dagsavisen means that they can publish accusations that I inspire mass murder, that I am just like Nazi criminals who were responsible for organizing genocide, and that I represent a plague epidemic of delusional people whose paranoia is like toxic waste to society. Yet they refuse to publish a short reply by me.
Creeps in this petty pace from day to day
UMNO still owes an apology to the Malay rulers
Actually, I’m from Canada. You talkin’ to me?
'I knew my wife couldn't cope with losing me, so I told him to amputate my leg.
If not for Pinay Fitness who asked me to go with them on a press conference thing, I wouldn't have known that Century Tuna is sponsoring the world's largest triathlon series and that we have a Century Tuna Tri-Hard team. Clearly, in the fitness world, I live under a rock.
My favorite classical role is Princess Florine in Sleeping Beauty, also with AjkunBT. I have always been attracted to fairy roles; it is why I was first drawn to ballet. In Sleeping Beauty, Florine’s prince is turned into a bluebird. Because of the beautiful choreography, I was able to dance with lyrical movements, like a bird.
Just a quick post, then, before the little munchkins wake up. It's the 17th of the month so it's time for the Waltzingmouse blog party again. The theme this month is 'New Beginnings' so I've made an engagement card for a couple who are soon going to embark on a 'new' life together.
What a cute idea! You all know that I love upcycled things, well my husband drinks coke like nobody's business so this would be a perfect little thing for our fridge, especially because I'm always complaining of not having enough magnets (I have the magnetic chip clips but no magnet magnets). This little guy is adorable too and the bright colors of the coke can make him so happy. I love it!
Six months ago, I participated in the Spark Blogfest, and wrote about what gave me the spark to write. I had a blast! A big part of that was because it was SO MUCH FUN to read everyone's Spark stories. (So I'm really hoping that a lot of you are posting your story today!)
with steel-trap
*Fleet Foxes is a wonderful band, though, and you should check them out.
His favorite toys right now are a little tractor and a top that we brought home from Grandma Johnson's house a few years back.
Verdict: I will let my sample age a little bit and see what happens. I would highly recommend this to anyone who likes tea scents.
When they get more advanced, you'll want to go for better paper, but 140 pound is always fine for watercolor; it's just that another brand like Arches can be much nicer to work with. Arches is the best according to my mom who is an artist. I get to use the back of her old paintings!
The whole carriage could see his style
TV ANNOUNCER
I didn’t really have a plan, other than just to walk around and see stuff. There are several parks and monuments (Chile seems to like monuments) so I just soaked up the atmosphere.
16But now my soul is turned to water in me, days of trouble overtake me:
Watch any body builder lift a weight, drop it to its original position, and then lift it again. You’ll see him exhale, always in the exertion of lifting, and inhale in the relax of the drop. On a physiological level, the man must inhale so he can exhale. But there’s also a special property of exhalation in that it tightens the muscles and prepares them to be used. At the heart level, the man relaxes and grounds himself in the humbling security of each drop, but expresses that confidence in the reaching forward of the lift. Each side must give to the other and the more it gives the greater amount it can receive in return only to give it back again. The relationship between the two creates a forward momentum that is simply beautiful because of its sacrificial nature.
Turnip, 1 pc, cut into small strips
I don't know jack shit about computers, which is why I'm on AOL, but AOHell irritates me. I think the reason that they have everything in blue is that blue is supposed to be soothing. Fat lot of good that is, when you're wanting to bang your head on a wall because you can't figure anything out.
Kiwis
Upon getting out of the pool I picked up my bag and headed into the changing room. I showered, dried off, dressed, and looked around for my hat and glasses. They weren’t there. I went back out to the pool and looked where I had set my bag down. No hat, no glasses. I looked over on the grassy lawn – ah, hat! Glasses must be nearby. I enlisted the help of a lifeguard. She and I walked the grassy lawn over, and over, and over again. I got desperate and started crawling around the grassy lawn – maybe I just couldn’t see them. The lifeguard checked the front desk but no glasses had been turned in. I got down on my knees and stuck my hand in the grimy water drains at the side of the pool just in case they somehow got blown in there. (I found a pair of goggles but no glasses.) I looked in the trashcan, several times, but I didn’t rummage through. I looked in the gravel, I looked under benches and picnic tables, I looked along the fence line. I looked farther and wider than any pair of glasses could travel on a lightly windy day. A gentleman looked with me. (He had his glasses on, so it wasn’t just a case of the blind looking for the invisible.)
"Did you get new tables in here? It looks like you got new tables in here. The chairs are different too."
Instead of a rat race attacker.
So so tired. I’ve had about five hours sleep in the past two days. Stupid elusive sleep.
A mother’s arms are made of tenderness and children sleep
Dutch obstetrics from 18th century forward found a way to exist in balance with Dutch midwifery through the 20th century in a way that was an example to the world. It’s a shame that the US model of maternity care was the one that the rest of the industrialized world imitated instead of the Dutch model.
Anyway....Im excited for tonight, Andrew and I love having a housefull and hosting people....I think it reminds us of home! So....I better go, and start cleaning up all my little messes :)
Director - Joost Vandebrug
If your turkey steaks are not of equal thickness, place them between two sheets of cling film and flatten them with a rolling pin, until they are all the same thickness. Be judicious as you don't want to tear your meat. Place the Parmesan cheese into a large shallow bowl. Season the turkey steaks generously with black pepper on both sides Press each side of the steaks into the cheese, pressing it onto the turkey with your fingers to help it to stick.
When I hear people accused of being wolves these days, usually it’s because they’re soft on sin, lax on the law. People who won’t teach good biblical principles, something like that. What does Paul mean?
And here are the pics to prove it wasn't a dream.
keep walking he said
Ending the thank you note in OAK style :
I'm not sure, probably 15 pairs or so.
Lieutenant Colonel Hank Keirsey (who's consulted for previous COD titles) contributed to making sure the Vietnam War sequences feel accurate;
This is a perfect movie. I repeat, this is a perfect movie. I've never said that about any film, and it doesn't necessarily make it the best movie of all time, but it's still perfect. The setting, the writing, the music, the acting, the shots used, the dialogue, and the triumph. This is a movie about a prison, but as the title states, redemption is the center motif, and we see this time and again as the plot rolls on.
I have yet to map out my plan of action. I wish I had someone to muscle around everything I want to take. If I could take a pack mule, literally, I would. He/she could carry my purse, my bags, my laptop, my cameras, and me if I got tired. And don't forget, bottles of water, a diet coke, mints to keep the mouth fresh, you know all those very much needed things. Since I am new to all of this, I really am not sure what I am doing LOL, but I'll betcha I come out unscathed albeit tired when it is over with and then, zoom, it is over to Spring Market at Bartel Hall.
laughing at what would be.
Leonard’s story is representative of what was described as de facto segregation in the New York City school system, in which many of the schools were essentially all white or all black because of the neighborhood in which they were located, and the quality of the education was not equal among the schools.
that’s when, to her front lawn’s fringe,
On the way back to my room, I asked, so whats going on, and they said that theyre sending an ambulance. I said, Im not going and went and sat down on my bed, all bouncing again and hugged my blanket into me. I didnt care what anyone said, or if it was what was best for me, I was not going to the emergency room, I was not going to go through that again. I sat here in anticipation, knowing that there could be no way that I would not be going, but in my head even still, I was not going, period, end of story.
That washes away my pain
I could go on an on about the thank you, but sometimes less is more. So just this: thank you from the bottom of my heart.
The study is preliminary, but the results are expected to be similar in the final report.
At the film's outset, we hear the stern and serious narration of cinéma vérité pioneer Richard Leacock, who died in March, telling the overall details of Sherman's infamous march to the sea, complete with archival photos and a colorful map that traces the general's route as Leacock's voice informs us that the Union military leader's contingent of 60,000 troops cut a path 60 miles wide and 700 miles long. The documentary looks and sounds as if it's truly going to reflect its title of Sherman's March and though Leacock doesn't appear and isn't identified, if you know that it's his presence launching the film, you're liable to believe the entire movie will concern the Civil War. After all, Leacock's work in documentaries dates back to the 1930s and includes being the cinematographer on the influential 1948 documentary Louisiana Story by Robert J. Flaherty which won the BAFTA for best documentary and somehow earned an Oscar nomination for best original motion picture story. (Flaherty was the man behind the even better-known 1922 silent documentary Nanook of the North.) Leacock's work as a cinematographer on documentaries proved quite eclectic ranging from 1960's Primary, which observed John F. Kennedy and Hubert Humphrey in the hunt for the Democratic delegates in Wisconsin; D.A. Pennebaker's 1968 concert documentary Monterey Pop where Jimi Hendrix set that guitar on fire; Pennebaker's 1970 Company: Original Cast Recording detailing the work that went into putting Stephen Sondheim's Broadway classic on wax; and even a 1999 film John Huston War Stories containing interviews with the late director about footage he shot during World War II. Leacock also directed many documentaries as well and though he's not identified and won't return to Sherman's March beyond those opening moments, the eclecticism of his long career supports what I said at the beginning about the flexibility of what constitutes a documentary. Leacock also happened to head the MS program in filmmaking at M.I.T. with Ed Pincus (who co-wrote The Filmmaker's Handbook: A Comprehensive Guide for the Digital Age with Steven Ascher) where McElwee received his master's degree.
Rome wasn't built in a day and neither is a new set of china, so patience... my patience (how I hate being patient... it must be the total opposite to impetuous) is called for. Over time this porcelain will hopefully become my new collectible... and will take pride of place in our armoire... Did I mention that I have a weakness for white china? xv
I went there this weekend to help her out. Her house is now totally gutted. All the drywall, flooring, duct work and siding is off the house. It is going to be a VERY long rebuilding process.
Second part of our spring break we spent here in Beijing with Nicks family. 5 of nicks family members came over to our Beijing apartment. I finally got the taste of what it is to cook to a big family . I loved it. Nicks family ( sister, her husband , their daugther, and Nicks brothers wife and their 4 year old daughter LELE), ate everything I cooked. They wanted to eat western DIANAS cuisine and they got it. I cooked dishes I usually cook for nick. Slow roasted ribs, Curry Chicken, different potato dishes, different pastas. THEY ALL LOVED IT. I was most impressed by Lele who is 4 years old. SHE ATE MY FOOD. MY FOOD. Are you serious? 4 year old eating my cooking.....lol.... I must be getting better. ;) To be honest, I was little scared when they came to visit us, because I thought they will NOT like western cooking, but they did and I am relieved and happy .
He stands back to sigh
There is the massive central building at the site, that was once a palace but there are also areas all around that look like your general suburban street. We discovered that they actually are regular houses where the Beefeater's and their families live. Pretty cool I think. I wonder what their addresses are. 13 Offwithherhead lane, Tower of London? The Beefeater's are actually pretty cool. I expected them to be more like the guards, just wandering around being all stern and serious, but they are really great at chatting to the kids, stopping for photos and one tried his best to humour Stella out of a foul mood. It didn't work.
The conference also will debut a 10-minute documentary film about solar energy development in Arizona, including a segment about the great progress in Gila Bend, a town about 70 miles southwest of the Phoenix metropolitan area. Town Manager Frederick Buss will join the panel of public utilities commissioners discussing the creation of a Southwestern market for renewable energy.
Between each board and each row, we left a 1/16 gap. The plan all along was to paint this flooring, so we wanted it to LOOK like planks instead of just a solid, painted panel floor. We worked our way back and forth, alternating which side we started on with each row. We didn’t worry about the 11 inch pieces we needed for each end until we were completely finished with the room.
That's right, I'm stepping down from the soap box and questioning everything I've spent the last twenty years believing. Are we more alike than different or are we merely tolerating each other (in some cases quite badly)? And how much does culture play a role, if it all?
4. Don't start a collection for the child before the child has a desire to collect. It can get out of hand quickly. Also, the very young child doesn't appreciate 10 dolls anymore than 1 doll. Same with dvds. Kids like repetition so, take advantage and just get a few dvds until they start to notice and want them. Then, you can add dvds at the holidays slowly, so they can appreciate them more.
Believe in the Unseen
Dunkin’ Donuts Coffee Bag 11oz $1/1
Very soon I realized that Christians sometimes can be incredibly fixated on sexuality, for while they emphasized the wrong and sinful in homosexuality, they left out other things in the Bible that are considered sinful and an “abomination”, such as idolatry (and it may be a lot in life), theft, lies, adultery, infidelity and selfishness, of which some of this happend frequently in my church. I’ll will soon return to that.
Ms. Macrina Peters
Stella Telleria
I don’t know why they call them worms because they are more like big fat colourful caterpillars, but they emerge from these tiny eggs and start eating leaves straight away. Climbing on top of each other to reach the ends of the branches. They eat so much and so fast that you can almost see them growing before your eyes – if you stood there for a while. When they reach the end of the branch they drop to the ground and start marching caterpillar style to the next tree. Within days the largest is the size of my index finger. And the trees are stripped of leaves again – naked as they were at the height of the drought. Their first attempt at summer foliage is sacrificed to the needs of this hungry horde.
After the nailbiting, foot stomping, table drumming game that ended 3:1 Argentina, we stepped out onto the wet streets covered in confetti to the tunes of a million different cars all honking to the same tune! When I emerged from my Subte stop on Juramento and Cabildo I was utterly enveloped by this enormous crowd who'd literally run out into the middle of this busy intersection and stopped all traffic to celebrate. Jumping and drumming and dancing and clapping and waving flags! Viejos and chiquitos alike, everyone singing the same fight songs, and shouting the same chants, all with accompanying dance moves and hand gestures! The police even showed up, but instead of breaking up the fun and dispelling the hoards of revellers, they simply diverted the traffic so it could continue! And this was already hours after the game had ended! I haven't checked but I'm pretty sure they're still there!
After returning to the United States, Carolrhoda married Gordon L. Rozell, an army sergeant she had met in Ethiopia. She died of cancer in 1967, two years after her marriage. She was only twenty-eight years old.
However, there’s one additional area where we can divide the affluent from the mega-wealthy and really construct a 99% coalition – by maintaining the real income of professional incomes while decreasing their gross income through reducing professional costs and professional prices. For example, taking over the costs of medical malpractice insurance could allow doctors to save a median of $12.5k a year and pass that on to the consumer in the form of 2.5-6.7% lower prices for medical bills. Reducing the cost of going to professional schools like law and medical schools would mean that new lawyers and doctors would need about $200,000 less in earnings to break even from their debts, which would mean that their gross incomes could be significantly reduced (which in turn would lower the cost of health care and medical bills, while increasing the relative demand for their services) without affecting their take-home income.
The word nova means "new" in Latin, referring to what appears to be a bright new star in the night sky. Occasionally these explosions cause what appears to be a new star in the sky. The prefix 'super-' separates a supernova from an ordinary nova, which also involve a star increasing in brightness, though to a lesser extent and through a different mechanism.
Thickening agent: I use cornstarch rather than flour, you can use either but I prefer cornstarch as I think it works better.
Caller: It happened a year ago, and I said okay once or twice.
I got an answer (if only a partial answer) this weekend.
But the visceral feeling? How it felt to be so ill? What that vomiting felt like. How miserable it was to have nothing I could eat that would not come up again. How sore and aching my muscles would be, how charming the pinpoint hemorrhaging around my eyes was.
and he isn't a shopper..so it's not like he's going to walk into walmart to see that big floral sign reminding him that mother's day is sunday!
A state laboratory has confirmed that the San Francisco worker was infected with the Neisseria meningitidis bacterium, the same germ he had been handling at the laboratory for weeks and months before his death.
…perishable foods aren’t very sympathetic. Being sick last week and eating a lot of stuff from the freezer, soup, soup and more soup. I didn’t do a whole lot of prep work that I had planned to do and am looking inside my fridge.
Character Essay
320vbr
I went to the bathroom stripped clothes and went right to bed with my makeup on and everything.
In a cover story highlighting this year's batch of summer reading, journalist Josh Hammer calls A Town Like Paris "a refreshing variation on a shopworn theme: the Anglophone at large in the French capital".
affinities between smell and sound as sensory zones for which
A good idea poorly executed.
Questions going through my head:
There you have it ladies, you like uglier (or at least less symmetrical) guys when you drink. So unless you want to meet the asymmetrical man of your dreams, it’s better not to hook up with people when you are drinking. I probably just saved your dating lives, you can thank me later.
It will be a great time for me to think and to explore my options whilst I’m doing the trek. With no telephone, no internet and no communication to the outside world apart from the people in my group, it’s going to be an interesting learning experience.
1 Thessalonians 1:1-10 – Introduction and Thanksgiving
He is the god of happiness, laughter and the wisdom of contentment, and is the patron of the weak and children, fortunetellers and bartenders. Hotei is distinguished by his body of generous proportions and round stomach exposed beneath loose robes. His big belly is a symbol of happiness, luck and generosity. On his back he carrys a huge linen bag containing precious things and gifts of good fortune, including children. He also holds an uchiwa, a flat fan of Chinese orgin used by ancient chieftains as an emblem of authority and wish granting. He may sit in an old cart drawn by boys, as the Wagon Priest, and can be compared with the Buddhistic Mi-lo-Fo.
I think that is about it...for now. Other things always have a way of slipping in without me realizing it hah.
Tourists flock to Italy and Europe to the lodging in italy of the lodging in italy it being synonymous with romance, boasting of rich tradition of lovers, one being the lodging in italy of legendary Latin lover Casanova. Walking through those narrow little streets in Rome can be experienced by families at one of these foreign nationals a second and oftentimes more affordable residence in one of those quaint little peaceful villages in surroundings that brings in tranquility and a sense of nostalgia of by gone days, as you are on a particular region when buying property in different locations in Italy. You should either have a quad band phone responds to all the lodging in italy, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz frequency bands which are entirely different from the EU have actively made the Mediterranean six hundred years Italy was defeated in World War 1, Benito Mussolini organized his fascist party and in 1922 became Prime Minister. Italy was a very high price and also be unaware of the calls.
1. Sesame Street Monsters - I Can't Help It
I can't begin to say how much I appreciate you all - you all have impacted me in ways you may never know. You have helped to encourage, challenge and remind me and that is a gift that I am more than willing to receive. I only hope that I can do the same for you.
1 april
The thought of a cocktail got me thinking about how to make one of my personal favourites the Cosmopolitan. Often berated for its Sex and the City status the Cosmo has in my mind come full circle out of the slightly creased corner of the cocktail bar menu and back into the limelight.
Snacks range from $5.50 tacos to "drunken stones mac prawns" for $14. We go straight for the mac n cheese balls, deep-fried orbs of macaroni and cheese that are served with a side of aioli. Surprisingly we find the macaroni cheese in need of salt, and the aioli is probably oil overkill, but the crust is deliciously crunchy and golden..
100g (1/2 cup) basmati rice
Nex post: I'm going to japan on Sunday!
The proof, however is in the beer. Or is it? Innovative and 'entertaining' marketing tactics haven't sunk Coors, Budweiser or Corona. Their beers aren't very good, but quite profitable.
The rear one even lifted quite a bit.
ed anche una grande semplicità.
If it is attacked, Cascoon remains motionless however badly it may be hurt. It does so because if it were to move, its body would be weak upon evolution. This Pokémon will also not forget the pain it endured.
Europe Version 2CDs (2011/2/4)
I have no excuse for my absence, I'm gonna try to get a buffer of posts up. I'm constipated- couldn't give a shit.
Over the weekend, I spent some time with very good friends. And one friend told me to make a list for myself; a list of things I would want in the next guy I’d fall for. I’ve never been for this, but I guess I can give it a shot.
Natalia cannot go home to share her grief with Bako because she and another doctor, Zorá, must deliver medicine and give inoculations at an orphanage in Brejevina, a coastal city across the border. She feels obligated to complete this act of coöperation because it was soldiers from her country who, in the recently ended war, orphaned the children.
Thank you Sue for being so generous!
P.G. Wodehouse is recognized as the greatest English comic writer of the twentieth century, rightly admired throughout the world and translated into more than thirty languages. Launched on the twenty-fifth anniversary of his death, this series presents each Overlook Wodehouse as the finest edition of the master’s work ever published— beautifully designed and faithful to the original.
“To stop this undesirable sensation I might then still have had recourse to the aid of that maleficent property existing also in me, as in contemporary man, which has become inherent in all of us, and which enables us, without experiencing any remorse of conscience whatever, to put off anything we wish to do “till tomorrow”.
I used
Things baked – 16 – Nigella’s scrummy, if jaw-aching, breakfast bars – peanuts, cranberries, oats, coconut and condensed milk. Very definitely not a cake though. Do brioches count as a cake, I wonder? Croissants? Pain au raisins? I can see I will need to do a little research on food classifications over the coming weeks.
Three local schools participating worked on diverse environmental projects:
Here are some examples of the different investment options available:
MajPeterLerner: Soldier from the #IronDome talking now for the #FIDF event telling about his experience of safeguarding the #Israeli towns over the weekend MajPeterLerner: “I have intercepted rockets that were targeting #Israel” at the #FIDF event live shoot from the south of #Israel MajPeterLerner: Lt. Gen. Gantz speaking live at the #FIDF gala event. ICK! Enough w/ the Nude Pregnant Famous People Photos Video: Preparing for an attack against Iran ISIS identifies likely secret Iranian nuclear site
Motion sets into our lives
Finally, Physician liability for the PA and or NP lie in three theories: vicarious liability, which is when the Physician has been found negligent by means of the PA or NP’s actions, whether or not they were actually present; negligent supervision, which is where the Physician fails to adequately oversee the work of the PA or NP; and negligent hiring, which occurs when the PA or NP is hired and the Physician is aware, or has reason to know, that he or she is incompetent or unfit. If a potential employer fails to check the competence level of the PA or NP prior to hiring, the employer can also be found liable.
An amazing and amazingly easy baked brie (and when I say amazing, I mean amazing): This was made by another hostess who was kind enough to share the recipe. She found the recipe on the Food Network Website and I sure am glad she did!
Like their problems before the earthquake struck, Haiti's current predicament can seem so overwhelming... people begin to feel there is nothing they can really do.
Hannibal Lecter series by Thomas Harris--read 1 out of 4 but want to reread them all (series finished) Hannibal the cannibal. 'Nuff said.
Chapter One
I’m proud, regardless of anyone’s condemnation of me or my life. What ever I do that may incite my higher power, my God, to anger is between me and my God! I don’t need you to chastise me, to coral me, nor refrain me! I take responsibility for my own actions, my own immorality, my own choices….according to YOUR God that is my right is it not? Who of you will go with me when my time is at it’s end, who of you, who spend so much time trying to control me and force me to abide by your morality will stand with me?…………exactly!
Our Etsy shop name is "Happy Days" and at the moment only includes some very cute knot dresses (like the one below) but will eventually include pillow case dresses, ruffle pants and headbands, among other things as we create them. I hope you'll stop by and check it out!
Maybe my reading comprehension needs work, but I thought it was a safe assumption that these classes would be geared toward beginners who are looking to be eased into the intimidating worlds of wine and barbecue.
I’ve got grow up friends who have seen ghosts, spoken to them (and got replies). The fact that I haven’t doesn’t make them wrong either. It doesn’t make their experience less valid. I haven’t seen one and I know nothing about such things. My experience proves nothing about the subject.
This is easily the most pleasant beer surprise I've had in a while. Well...beer tasting surprise; the Penn revival noted below was pretty damned pleasant (as was the Yuengling Porter discovery that I still have to write about). But this is about the flavor.
Overshoes
Started work for my first internship two weeks ago. So far, it’s been pretty good – I’ve been going to the office on a part-time basis, and I’m working directly with the CEO. He’s a really cool guy, and I really like how he was able to give me a big-picture view of where the firm is currently, and where he’d like it to be using marketing. Also, I found out that I’ll be traveling to Washington, D.C., for a week with the firm after finals! Exciting stuff.
Give me a minute..... let me have my little pity party in this post.
The most lucrative contraband in Europe, with its intricate patterns and ephemeral hope, threatens to cost them everything. Lace may be the deliverance for which they all pray...or it may bring the ruin and imprisonment they all fear.
wriggles in the mud
The decision will hit four companies and contracts worth some £350,000. But the Co-op stresses this is not an Israeli boycott and that its contracts will go to other companies inside Israel that can guarantee they don’t export from illegal settlements.
Totalitarian, racist lefties seeking to destroy anyone who disagrees with them is par for the course. What was much more disturbing was the cowardly response by alleged conservatives, who acted like … totalitarian, racist lefties.
He just laughed, smacked my cute backside, but wouldn’t back down.
I need a bigger apartment so I can have my shoes organized properly. There simply isn't enough space and it's a pain in the arse.
Pray with us about this. Levi has maximized the space to continue so now we’re renting storage and we need to move forward in God’s timing. God knows what He will reveal to us next!
She’s been diagnosed with inflammatory breast cancer, which is a rare, more aggressive form of cancer that is not easily detectable by routine mammograms. The type of cancer she has is protein-based rather than hormone-based, which is rarer still.
But yuh doin' me a favour,
Tools: tasteful trim bigz die, Big Shot, circle punch, dimensionals
the University of Abuja. He
So even though I have numerous culinary tools now ...
Yep! It’s my birthday. Today, I turn 54. It seems I share birthdays with Pope Innocent XII (1615), Emperor Joseph II (1741), British Prime Minister Charles Earl Grey (1764), Astronomer Percival Lowell (1855), John “Home Run” Baker (1886) (that one made me happy!), Orchestra leader Sammy Kaye (1910), L Ron Hubbard (1911) (egad!), Saxophonist Sammy Kaye (1913) (TWO Sammy Kayes?), CIA Director William Casey (1913), Allan Jaffee, cartoonist for MAD Magazine (1921) (another one that made me happy), Mike Stoller, composer (1933), of Lieber and Stoller, (they wrote “Charlie Brown”)
has no chance but to agree that Jung-Ah could live in Jae-Hyuk’s NY apartment for the time being. (eeehmm…right….@_@)
Waiting: to get life on track.
Funny how having more time allows you to stretch out how you do stuff and how long it all takes and indeed if it gets done at all. And by you I mean me.
I have a sweet friend that called me recently after months of trying to reach her...I feared I had done something to offend her even though I was clueless as to what it could have been and I was just so thankful her silence had nothing to do with me...but she was experiencing some hardships and just didn't know how to reach out. I am thankful that I was prayerful and mindful of her and dropping notes and texts to let her know I was thinking of her...even when I didn't hear anything back...anyway...my heart soared talking to her...but sorrowed for the burdens she's been carrying!
Slowly we need to realize and accept that every mistake we make is a blip in the grand scheme of things. Nothing is insurmountable as long as we believe in ourselves. If you do not believe in yourself, you can never expect others to believe in you.
It’s called “legendary rhubarb pie”, which is a curious name for a pie and I have no idea what it is about it that’s legendary. It’s very good, though.
Brazen me, I picked people from the group at random (after an active membership drive I had over 1,500 members because those were the days authors were signing up for facebook in droves. Or do I mean signing up in murders — you know, like a murder of crows. What else do you call a convocation of mystery writers?) and asked if they’d like to host a discussion. That was my introduction to Beth Groundwater. Three years ago — November 13, to be exact — I asked if she’d host a discussion, and she said yes. (One of the many strangenesses of Facebook is that the email discussion about the discussion is archived for all times, which is how I know the date, but the discussion itself, which took place on November 18, 2008, has disappeared into the great maw of Facebook’s yesteryear.)
At the same time, I realized that I had kind of been neglecting myself a bit too. Don't get me wrong, I feel very fortunate to so thoroughly enjoy being with my children that I really don't ever feel the need to "get away". I guess that's why it was so hard for me to see that not taking time for myself was actually hurting me and my family. It was hard for me, hard for my girls, and hard for my husband when I was away, so I felt like it made everyone's life easier if I just always had at least one of the girls with me at all times. I felt selfish when I thought of doing things alone, knowing my girls would be sad and my hubby would be stressed if I left.
Zig 2 way glue
Once again I finished these by the skin of my teeth and for March we have THREE letters of the alphabet, eeek! I've started with all good intentions and I've already done my E tag but knowing me, F and G will be last minute again, lol!
If you like 'Beef Stew' this is how I cook it.
I love Mister BS. Our relationship is not uncomplicated, and like any couple, we sometimes disagree or upset one another. But I can’t imagine life without him or a better partner for me.
· Interpret the product’s business needs and developing concepts to suit their purpose
Crackdown: Nick Clegg last night called for a ‘tycoon tax’ to address the problem of tax evasion by the nation’s highest earners
But before I get into that, I would like to share a few more of our video contest entries with you! Time is running out, so get them in by Feb. 29th! Competition is really good this year, and you can see even more videos at our YouTube channel here. Remember, it can simply be a still picture of children using our products. You can send your videos to contest@heidisongs.com or upload them via MailBigFile (http://free.mailbigfile.com/) to easily send larger files up to 200mb. For the complete rules, click here.
So in about a week, I'll be headed off to college (you probably guessed that by now.) I'm actually going off to real college- not community "let's pretend this isn't just like high school all over again" college. Which probably means I won't have as much time to spend here trolling people. And not just because I'm off banging chicks.
under me
a seat
The French are passionate about their dogs... I think I adore my dog... I know I do... but not quite in the same way as the French. Look at the 'baby' in this print taking pride of place at the table and being hand fed... Can you imagine my 100kg Apache (thankfully he hasn't gained any more weight) sitting up with us at the dining table being seduced by bite-sized morsels... I am not sure if I am laughing or terrified at the thought...
Sharon
…NERN GULF/GA TO CAROLINAS/MID ATLANTIC CST THIS AFTN/EVE…
This is my Uncle; Tomas J. O’Neill Jr. He recently passed away on January 12, 2012. I still can’t believe he’s gone since his death was so sudden and unexpected. I hadn’t seen him in a year since we buried my Grandmother 2011. Events like these make you realize how short life really is. My Uncle Tom was only 59 years old and left behind two sons, his only sister, me, 6 grandchildren, and several ex-wives as well as a current significant other. He was a father figure to many and a great family man.
Dr. Carl Maia (Antonio Moreno) discovers a fossilized hand in the Amazon and is blown away at how unlike anything else it is. He recruits ichthyologist David Reed (Richard Carlson) to go with him on an expedition. They set sail down the Amazon along with the Captain Lucas (Nestor Paiva), Dr. Reed’s girlfriend Kay (Julia Adams), his boss Dr. Mark Williams (Richard Denning), and colleague Dr. Thompson (Whit Bissell). There are also a couple of the boats crew members who exist solely to provide the film with a body count. They soon discover the titular Black Lagoon, which is home to the also-titular creature (Ben Chapman on land, Ricou Browning in the water). When the so-called Gill-Man is discovered, Dr. Reed wants to observe it in its natural habitat. Dr. Williams wants to capture it for fun and profit. Meanwhile the Gill-Man seems to have its sights set on Kay. Terror ensues.
Only when he has confessed his libelous and slanderous crimes to all those he persuaded to accept his report as ‘factual and honest’ ,will he be able to beg Israel’s forgiveness.
My husband loved this and he ate like 8 of them!! I didn't think that he would love them this much so I was pretty happy with the result.
Changes to skin tone and colour.
5. I am a rabid fan of the following shows on TV: Mad Men, Pan Am, Revenge, Downton Abbey, Ghost Hunters, Community, Parks and Recreation, The Office, and 30 Rock.
The mozzarella goes on a pizza every Friday night, but we've been slower at eating our way through the hard cheeses. Well, me more than Dan, because the first 9 really weren't that great. We're chalking that up to the learning process, bug finally, cheese number 10 seems better than the rest, a little sharp (aged 7 & 1/2 months), and perhaps needing a tad more salt, but a good texture and flavor. After cutting it open and sampling, I sliced some onto a piece of bread, popped it unto the toaster oven until melted, and topped with Farmgirl Susan's Green Tomato Salsa. Yum! I couldn't eat enough! Maybe it was the salsa, hopefully it was the cheese. It melted beautifully and tasted great.
Welp, that’s all for today. See you next week ^_^.
Basically, I was sold on the idea of barefoot running and the natural stride. However, wasn’t quite ready to take plunge yet. Vibram Five Fingers (aka gloves for your feet) were my first option, but an ebay stuff up later and after reading a few running blogs I got second thoughts and decided to switch to ‘transitional’ shoes first. These are shoes which are typically less structured than the common running shoe, have wide toe box or toe area to allow toes to splay naturally and have lower heel to toe drop (typically 4 mm). Well, after scouring many shoe reviews (and I mean hours and hours of browsing) I have narrowed down my choice to a particular shoe, which I won’t mention here. But when I walked into the shop, I spotted these beauties, decided to try them on… the rest is history.
Prostitution is pregnant with disease, a disease infecting not only the guilty but contaminating the innocent wife and child in the home with sickening certainty almost inconceivable; a disease to be feared as a leprous plague; a disease scattering misery broadcast, and leaving in its wake sterility, insanity, paralysis, and the blinded eyes of little babes, the twisted limbs of deformed children, degradation, physical rot and mental decay. - The Social Evil in Chicago (1911)
It is a glorious day, perfectly warmed and breezy. God himself must have hand picked the weather. What a great day to sit her in the grass, write and mediate. I could stay here for hours. With the warmth of the sun on my back and the gentle cool breeze across my face. But, hours I don't have. I have an eternity to come and go from this place. And another day perhaps will allow for the hours I seek. But for today, I have to live among the living and enjoy the joyous blessing that is my son. I hope and pray my other friends with babies in heaven will one day know the joy, light and life a living child brings to your life. I am blessed and grateful.
People get off.
I made vanilla cupcakes with lime curd filling and a whipped lime buttercream. Delicious.
I end these musings with a parable I wrote several months ago when I saw then the tendency to hide behind our procedures rather than to step boldly into Holy Truth.
You can make a spear either by sharpening a strong stick with your pocket knife and then hardening it in the fire, or by lashing your knife onto the end of a stick using vines. The latter is more efficient, but you risk losing your knife in the water if you aren't careful. In a real life-or-death survival situation, your pocket knife is your life line, so you don't want to take any chances with it. Since ours wasn't really a life-or-death situation, the boys chose whichever method they were comfortable with, and we had a mixture of both among the group.
2. Drama Queen No. 3 and six of her classmates have managed to write and film “Cleopatra’s story” an epic with Ben Hur scale ambitions performed within the confines of our house. The dog has a starring role as a Royal Leopard, a part that he performs with great aplomb as it involves him lounging masterfully on the forbidden territory of my bed.
Debbie Weitz, Kent Drotor, and Jessica Brummett of B.D. Jeffries designed the Gazebo. I couldn't resist snapping a shot of the goldfish swimming around amongst the selenite logs.
My primary inspiration for this post is a recent post at Patrol Magazine by David Sessions. I love Patrol (as I’ve said before), and I respect David a lot (see his comment on my original Douthat post). I used to write for them a couple of years ago. I consider their editors (as well as some of their former writers) to be “friends” of mine (in that unique-to-our-generation, online-only, never-met-in-person sort of way). All that being said, I felt like the post was a tad unfair and didn’t give Douthat the benefit-of-the-doubt–that I believe he has earned–to think more than what was in the book.
Please re-assure my heart
My next favorite exhibit!
*Pneumonia.
1 tablespoon Italian Seasoning (I got it at Costco... it just has basil, oregano, etc... mixed together)
2) Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat until milk solids on bottom are a dark chocolate brown and butter smells nutty. Transfer to a shallow bowl and place in freezer to cool until just congealed. (Butter should be somewhat solid for mixing stage.)
That last shot of the bell ringing rather famously dissolves into a match shot of Sophia's hoop skirt as she rides a swing toward camera. The film is filled with this sort of mordant wit, although there's nothing else that rhymes quite like that. There is a recurring visual motif, though, and it's found in the shot of the doll: something unexpectedly terrible emerging from its hiding place. You can see the same thing in a later shot of an obscene cuckoo clock, or this memorable image of a drill bit slowly making its way through the eye of an icon.
* 2 eggs
One thing I am learning, however, is that there are things more important than 'things' and that sometimes the intangible is more to be desired than the touchable.
I shouldn't complain... once the sun begins to shine well it really means time for some spring cleaning. Those winter skies certainly hide the dust bunnies and the plain old dust well... Once the sun starts streaming in the window I can't pretend I don't see the streaks and dog nose prints on the windows...
because I love blogging, not to set an example to some imagined cancer community of which I’ve never considered myself a part. I want to be free to tweet or Facebook-post about whatever’s going on in my life without it looking like I’m doing it to harvest concern. I want to get texts and phonecalls and emails filled with gossip instead of worry, and I want to write lists of
The title will be on the line, 3XW has just signed a TV contract so fans can catch 3XW TV weekly on CW affiliates in Iowa – 6 p.m. Saturday on KWKB Ch 20 in eastern Iowa and 1:30 a.m. Monday on KCWI ch 23/ch 9 (Mediacom) in central Iowa, making this match even that more important.
The Complete Book of Maps & Geography
Dunno About everyone else, but with the poularisation of Twilight I'm starting to get pretty darn p'd off. Now, I'm hardly claiming to be the first Twilight reader ever to walk the Earth, but I started reading the books before the world went Edward and Jacob insane and loved them - now, though... Everywhere you turn there's a shrieking fangirl! It's beginning to set my teeth on edge...
But I was also going through a divorce, and all its related tough personal stuff – and I was reading/experiencing a lot of writing/music/art that was helping me a great deal. I wanted a forum to share some of this, too, and explore a bit why it was meaningful to me. I didn’t think the reader of my publishing blog would care in the slightest bit what I thought of some particular piece of poetry! So I decided to just have two blogs.
1. If you could pick one song that describes your life what would it be?
Of course, as a nation, the Britons are well known for their distaste of any kind of weather whatsoever. Hot outside? Wander around complaining that it’s “too hot”, that it’s “sticky”, that you “wish there was more shade” or crack some lame joke about global warming. Raining? Mutter about it being “nice weather for ducks” (even though ducks don’t like rain), be unbearably smug about the waterproofs you might be wearing or look thoroughly miserable as you get completely drenched. Grey and miserable? Bemoan the fact that there’s never any “interesting” weather, huff and sigh to yourself or simply gaze into the middle distance. Snowing? God help the country as it grinds to a complete halt.
(7 3/4" foot circumference, stretches up to 10")
remember me not much as of a gem,
Insoluble fiber, however, draws water into the colon, speeds up intestinal transit time, and results in a softer and larger stool. Wheat bran, which can irritate some cats’ digestive systems, contains insoluble fiber. Carrots, pumpkins, zucchini, sweet potatoes, spinach and celery contain more insoluble fiber than soluble.
For more I.T./I.T. for BPO/KPO jobs, please visit: www.itpilipinas.wordpress.com
PLFs USED TO TERRIFY PUBLIC AND PREPARE FOR “ALIEN 9/11”
On a more serious note, do you know how much money is spent on them each year here in the UK? The British Retail Consortium estimates 500MILLION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
-1 (15 oz.) can black beans, rinsed and drained
I have some pictures for you of my 'Chuck and Shut' room, half completed makeover.
Without You, Jesus. (Without You, Jesus) Without You, Jesus (Without You, Jesus)
To-wit to-woo! To-wit to-woo!
The individual leaving the guild would feel they are justified in leaving no matter what the reason. The player leaving for greener pastures feels they deserve those pastures, likely because they are better than the other raiders in the team because they produce more dps or fill a valuable role like a healer. Wugan the Raid Leader might disagree. So might Akandra the Officer or Matticus the Guild Master. But none of that impacts on the viewpoint of the individual.
We also took a walk down by the river exploring more of the many paths that run along there. Unfortunately, it was just after we’d picked Bradley up from school and we had Leah and Charlie, so I hadn’t taken my camera with me. I would have got some lovely shots. Ah well. And besides, I’d already got my photos for today.
After that Ilion the superb was burned.
IS IT WEIRD... that I am turned on by my husband doing his job? Taking it down to basics, Jeff is an electrician. I have always found it totally sexy when he puts on his tool belt to do work around the house. It is not the actual belt, full of tools and parts that makes me swoon... I think it is the fact that he is the provider for our family... he has experience that he uses to fix our house... to build a new deck... to add new lighting to the kitchen... to take care of us...
Days ago, I fled into a world of loveliness.
Today, as we rapidly move from paper to digital books, authors not only write the books, but they also design the cover, and act as publisher and marketer.
The next day, she'd ask again, "When do I start school?"
1. Thank the award-givers and link back to them in your post.
Kylie and I go way back and I once freaked her out by stalking her at a Mathilda's Market!
Today we headed off bright and EARLY for his first day. He has three boys, favorite friends from kindergarten, in his class plus some of the girls he is friends with. He's sitting next to two of the boys and back to back with the other, so he's thrilled. The mom's have already warned them that friends get separated if they talk while the teacher is talking! The kids were all a-buzz with their new desks and their supplies all set up for them. Very cute. I didn't cry, but it does seem like he's growing up fast. Sniff, sniff!
The Lord has sustained me in all sorts of situations where I consciously refrain from turning into the food for my life~all those things food can be that brink on the negativity to destroy me. FOOD MUST stay in it's rightful place in my life...and I don't tolerate it rearing up it's ugly head to try to move into more prominence. NO WAY! I refuse to allow people or events to change what's working...no tossing about like a ship tossed in a storm...I believe with God's help, I must stay firmly affixed to the task of making sure that I am nourished properly each and every time...no changes here, for me.
Scott Morgan lists five reasons why civilians should never consent to a police search of their person or property. Evaluate the merits of his arguments among yourself.
I was very proud of Mana on this trip, she is trying things that would normally have her saying NO. After riding the Incline, she decided that she was going to go on the swing bridge with or with out me. She headed straight to it and turned around and looked at me like this is going to be a piece of cake, come on Momma! She went right on and thought nothing of it. My little girl is growing up.
did a bit of brainstorming for another project, I’m not so sure it’s something I want to write. Seemed like a good idea a few weeks ago, but after trying to flesh it out a bit, it’s not nearly as cool as I thought. It happens. We just have to move on to the next idea.
The great thing is now I have this border for use whenever I want--all I have to do is click print!
At least they tasted better than they looked.
And rationality is at the core of this issue. Had the evidence about Tabak’s taste in pornography been admitted, it would inevitably have led to a debate about whether that was probative. Evidence would have been needed as to the connection (if any) between the use of pornography of that type and mimicking the behaviour it depicts. Without that context, using Tabak’s taste in pornography as a basis for judging whether he intended to kill would be essentially irrational – or “common sense”, as it is otherwise known…
– ‘The 47 senators voting against the bill have received $23,582,500 in career contributions from oil and gas. The 51 senators voting to repeal oil tax breaks have received $5,873,600'.
These days, the most common question I get from junior analysts about derivatives is, “How much money did we make off the client?” It bothers me every time I hear it, because it is a clear reflection of what they are observing from their leaders about the way they should behave. Now project 10 years into the future: You don’t have to be a rocket scientist to figure out that the junior analyst sitting quietly in the corner of the room hearing about “muppets,” “ripping eyeballs out” and “getting paid” doesn’t exactly turn into a model citizen.
It’s Christmas Eve, 1938, when Madge Arwell comes to the aid of an injured Spaceman Angel as she cycles home, in this year’s Doctor Who Christmas Special, starring Matt Smith as the Doctor.
to get the hell out,
Mary Jo
In 1949, COMMENTARY magazine, (ahem) ... "commented" on the controversy, publishing an article in the January 1949 issue titled "Comic Books and Other Horrors" by Norbert Muhlen (1909-1981), who would go on to write several important books on financial backing of the Nazi rise to power in Germany. While critical of the violence found in comic books, Muhlen was equally critical of Werthan's "evidence" and the article did not present as a support for Wertham. In the February issue, a letter from Dr. Fredric Wertham was published and followed by an answer by article author Norbert Muhlen:
Keep in mind that these outlooks are updated several times by the Storm Prediction Center and could move around a bit. To see the most up to date outlook - click here.
d) Dr. V S Ramamurthy, Padma Bhushan, Senior Advisor & Director, ex-Secretary Govt. of India, Department of Science and Technology and Chairman, Board of Governors of IIT Delhi.
Media should be neutral
Footnote 30.04.2012: There is a little bit more flurry of activity about the pronouncement on the new Caliph. And perhaps it is enlightening (but predictable) that it has become some subject of ridicule and even vilification in some Muslim forums. It is also ironic that the only online coverage is by Muslims forums that attack the good King Abdullah as either unworthy (read too Western), a traitor to the Arabs, a CIA flunky or even worse, an Israeli-zionist agent on one hand, and on the other hand are a whole tribe of neo-con fundamentalist 'Christian' end-of-time Dominionist websites (like Jihadwatch) that have long eyed King Abdullah, being a direct descendant of the Prophet (pbuh) as a likely candidate for the Caliph.
Long may Mr.7's individuality last- you only need to take a look at the pic at the top of the post of his self selected outfit on Sunday to get an idea of his individuality in action- we weren't going anywhere, it was just his 'formal hangin' out at home' outfit- MAGNIFICENT! So maybe he's not that great at sport but he's darn good at being a beautiful person and for that I would pick him on my team every time!
7. The Book of Love 3:55
“By having clinical services that are specialized and interdisciplinary, you’re providing an avenue for parents to come and present for treatment,” Leibowitz said. “That brings a lot of people out of their closets, so to speak, and shows this is a less stigmatized issue, so that people can get the appropriate assessments and treatments that they deserve.”
Want2Scrap: Pearl Swirls White
Rather.
The short answer is, nothing much. Starting pretty much soon after its 1998 default for example, Russia (a marginally bigger player than either Greece or Hungary) began a decade of unparalleled economic growth. Nearly a decade after Argentina defaulted owing $81 billion, disgruntled creditors are still chasing their money. The litigation, and Argentina’s defiance in the face of judgments against it, complicate its plans to return to international capital markets, but how is the economy doing?
Park: Just testing my theory.
For being only six, I remember it pretty clearly. I was in kindergarten, and it was some kid's birthday, which was always a happy occasion because it meant the afternoon could be devoted to a little party if the kid's parents felt like dropping by. In this case, they had brought cupcakes, more than enough for everyone. The condition for receiving cupcakes, as per my teacher's requirements, was that we had to finish our after-lunch work, in this case coloring a picture of McGruff (you know, "Take a Bite Out of Crime", that McGruff) teaching us about fire safety. For most kids, this was an easy task, but I had a pure, unadulterated hatred for coloring. I would frequently get back papers on which I had gotten all the answers right but lost points for refusing to color an irrelevant drawing of a puppy, or whatever, at the top of, say, a math sheet. Even being a small child, I knew this was unfair bullshit. So I was generally determined to color as little as possible, and that McGruff thing was no exception. I knew the fire safety rules. Why couldn't I just answer questions about those? Why did I have to color?
Say if the banging doesn’t help
Everything Under the Sun features 5 shades that can be swirled together to make the ultimate drugstore bronzer. The brown tones in this bronzer dominate more than you would think. The shades are slim, so it's hard to concentrate your brush on the bottom peach shade to lighten this up. I've worn it a few times now trying to see if the color would go differently on me, and it doesn't... no matter what I do. I am NW25 in MAC, so I would say if you're lighter than me, this might not be the bronzer for you. If you think it's perfect for your skin tone, then definitely pick it up. It's GORGEOUS on, though a tad shimmery, it's not offensive and will look beautiful with your bronzed makeup glow. I had no issue with contouring this and then blending up to my cheekbones. Lots of pigment love (so go easy).
The times that I get to ride out like that, even when I have to manage kids and dogs while riding, are bliss. These experiences are what assure me that things are ok, and that I'm still where I want to be overall. It's a little bit of sanity, re-injected into my life. It brings me back in touch with myself.
You cannot get angry with the guest you invited in with open, wanting arms.
Put the chopped chocolate in a large mixing bowl, and pour the boiling water over it. Let stand for 2 minutes, then whisk until smooth. Whisk in the butter, then the eggs, one at a time, whisking after each addition until smooth. Whisk in the vanilla and sour cream.
Sigler said it really makes it that much more fun when the fans are involved, and it brings the schools together.
There may have been several battles along the way but this is the big one, the one that counts. Theseus finally lands in Crete and descends into the labyrinth to fight the minotaur and win the prize of his people’s lives. Often the hero first comes face to face with death and his own mortality. It is at this point that the hero realises their true identity, often as a leader. Mattie must face the man who killed her father, Ned Chaney. Rango must face the Mayor, the worst of several baddies. P.K. must face Whittlin’ Walt, the most notorious desperado in Nevada Territory.
I tend to do a lot of YA, but I suspect that is because YA is having a bit of a moment and there is a lot of it out there. I commission right through from picture books to YA fiction, so this editorial remit is reflected in the services I offer via Smart Quill.
Since I talked about Pintrest on my April 18th post, I just had to do something using it for my R topic. It is amazing what you can find on Pintrest and I thought it would be neat to share what I found there by simply typing the phrase: Really?
Look at all of them hard at work (I mean play!) We had cardmakers, scrapbookers and even those working on altered art projects (that would be me, however I also did some of my granddaughter's scrapbook) That is my empty chair and table space but I was busy taking a few photos! I finished that project I was working on.... to be photographed and shared at a later day (But soon and I'm so excited!)
The leaves were colored with Shari's 'walk and wiggle' technique from her video tutorial (at 3:00 mins), and directly stamped onto white cardstock without misting. Cut out and distressed edges with Walnut Stain. Then applied Crackle Accents.
Have the North Koreans totally lost the plot?
I realize I had it somewhat easy in this instance because she wasn’t my manager, and my manager had my back. My game plan of ‘working around her’ would not have worked if I had to report directly to her. My casual ‘send it over, I’ll have a look’ and then ‘sorry, I don’t have time’ wouldn’t fly. If she had been my manager, I most likely would have ended up doing all of her work for her, while she took all the glory and no one above her was none the wiser. In fact, I’m pretty sure that’s how she got to where she was.
Anyway earlier at the Summer Fayre, between Declan and myself we had 7 tries on the tombola, he won a jar of pasta sauce, and I won a bottle of vinegar, bottle of Isla Nigra red wine, jar of chili sauce, jar of mixed fruit jam, a bottle of white wine (thus given to dad for father’s day next week).
Cinnamon swished his bushy tail.
1 sour unripe mango. ( You can find it at the India Store or at any other Asian Market)
9. Twenty-Four Hours of Sunshine - Reg Owen & His Orchestra
Genre: a young adult paranormal romance/urban fantasy
Bel Canto Blank sheets N
This season’s Pasta Master cooking class is on Wednesday 2nd May but HURRY spaces are limited.
(2) Kim Hughes {I *singsong* love her stuff!} posted on her blog the names of the winners for her Memorial Day challenge. And whose name is on the top? Mine. She's sending me America the Beautiful, one of her rockin' stamp sets. Now I just need to take some anxiety medication and try to figure out how to make a thank-you card for her. Seriously, it's like making a painting for Michelangelo.
In an era when large media corporations like Community Newspaper Holdings, Inc. (the Tribune's owner) are demanding that staff take unpaid furlough days to cut costs, citizen-driven reporting is becoming more important, not less so. Curtailing access for those inclined to provide it would be a clear sign that the school corporation doesn't want coverage, which is precisely the attitude that justifies more of it.
Best Choice if you DO like the chocolate milk overly sweet character:
However, a situation came up recently where this person had to be acknowledged, not because of their own merit but due to family connections. Not only did this person need to be acknowledged, but I had to interact with them on a personal level. I objected to this and was becoming emotional as anger that was buried was rising to the surface. All of my arguments were shot down - "Be the bigger person." "It's family..we have to." I was bitter and hard all the way to the front door, remembering more reasons why to distrust this person. I wanted to be as disrespectful as I could because they didn't deserve it. "Be the bigger person." Fine. If I can't forgive.. and I can't forget.. all I can do is fake it. I'll be so big and generous that they'll be shocked.
All these complexities are given savage life in this production. There are aspects that remained (at least on opening night) unresolved; there were moments when the action was unclear, and when its physicalisation - notably the violence - was awkward, although these are minor points. Perhaps the biggest problem lies in how the production addresses the knotty gender question.
Anyone who believes this is really over is off with the fairies. He's not going to just sit on the back bench and work for the reelection of the government. The only question is how long he will take to show his hand.
But to really make a killing, you need not just revenues, but profits. That’s why the low cost delivery and “build it once but resell it millions of times” model is so key. It was that very model that made Bill Gates the richest man in the world. It is what earned Microsoft 13 TIMES the rate of profit of the average Fortune 500 company in the 1990s and persuaded the Justice Department to declare it a “felony monopolist”. Gates recognizes the model very well, which is why his foundation is pouring tens of millions of dollars into charters. And you thought it was his altruism.
Sure, I love bright colors, but the nuances of grey in this pen and ink piece speak volumes about the life this flower has led. Her back and neck are bent from months of working hard to support the weight of her magnificent seed head, and the frail crisp leaves dangling from her stalk offer hints of their past glory.
Fortunately, a friend loaned him an airplane.
I am amazed and thrilled that it won, I don’t really consider myself to be a writer, I just write things down when they come to me as a form of recording them and organising my thoughts. Recently I have started the blog with the hope that my musings may be useful to somebody somewhere, so Thank You Gretchen, and thanks to all the people who have read and sent messages. It is much appreciated.
VY Canis Majoris is the largest star ever discovered. I was watching this show called "How the Universe Works" narrated by Mike Rowe, and I really enjoyed the explanation they had of VY Canis Majoris. Basically, it's a dying star. What keeps it burning at its center is a fusion reactor. Think of hydrogen bombs going off and you essentially understand the reaction taking place in the heart of stars.
Let me tell you, I previously loved Gerard Butler's Phantom but Ramin Karimloo's Phantom made me want to hop through my television set, kick Christine out of the picture and run away with him on the streets of Paris. He was AMAZING with a gorgeous voice and so much raw, sexy emotion. Despite kicking her to the side for the Phantom the gorgeous Sierra Boggess was an awesome Christine with an amazingly hypnotic voice. The height of the play where they sang the theme song was filled with such romance and emotion. I also fell in love with the Music of the Night from Ramin's emotionally raw and sexy voice. I had to grab the soundtrack after to relive the experience over and over again. I simply fell in love with the production!
Peasant Pasta
Are there any?
I heart my lean mean grilling machine! This thing is a huge time saver. I know I have the oldest model there is. I am sure there are new better options out there but I will stick with good ole George until he no longer works. I love that it cooks from both sides so it cooks in half the time of a stove top grill.
(Wan Batu’s sons all have the middle name SAM for “Saya Anak Malaysia.” The girl is named Maya, with alphabets plucked out of Malaysia.)
I love Christmas, truly I do, everyone says they do at this time of year but for me it's the top of the year mountain- when everything feels as it should be. I cannot describe properly how happy I was sitting by the lit, adorned tree watching Elf on Sunday after several lovely Christmas meals over the weekend.
The whole thing came down on April 25th, and since then, the trail is cold as ice. Fox News account:Police believe that Zinkhan shot his wife, 47-year-old Marie Bruce, along with 40-year-old Tom Tanner and Ben Teague, 63, at a community theater near the University of Georgia's Atlanta campus.
Take a phrase in english - convert it to another language - convert back into english.
It’s a tough one. How would you deal with an ineffective Manager?
The Daily Mail ran a story on the rise in the numbers admitted into hospital due to the demon drink and so naturally went to taxpayer funded quango head Don for a statement.
The Lady of Shalott."
If anybody reading this is of a particularly patriotic bent, be warned that this might offend. I say, also, that this is not the lengthy essay it could be, merely an off-the-cuff blog post written at the end of a long, long day. Pax.
Unlike cooking other meals, baking requires precise measurements, specific amounts of time in the oven, and careful attention to a recipe. One wrong move and you could end up with a salty tray of cupcakes, a burnt batch of cookies, or a loaf of bread that didn’t rise.
It hasn't just opened my eyes to the battle of others either, but also, to my faith, it's solid foundation and it's ability to be questioned. I realized how blessed I am, how loved I am, and how fragile we all really are. For the fact is... we spend our whole lives avoiding the fact that we will one day die.
Some nice dramatic tension with the main characters.
I hope you enjoy this
"Conversation about the weather is the last refuge of the unimaginative."
The Federal Circuit found this sort of pleading deficient:
So, if you feel ‘out of sorts’ then perhaps you could try the above too!
Now, in Florida, just today mind you, I have seen BOTH Panther AND Bear crossing signs. Gator I’ve seen before, but Panther and Bear..? What kind of state is this that Panther and Bear are so plentiful and so normal that they have their own crossing signs? Granted, I saw neither of them today either, but really, do you WANT to see a Bear while driving a state highway? I’m pretty sure not! If a Panther jumps in front of me, he’d better hope there are lots more where he came from cause I ain’t slowing down! Mr Bear can just have my rig I’ll teach him to drive it and I’ll just walk, thank you!
She’s so smart.
One tab in particular will be a continual work in progress and I hope my readers will check it out and share more resources than what I've already listed. It is labeled "Pregnancy Loss Resources." It's a pretty small list right now because I know there are many more resources out there than what I've already listed. But this is just the beginnings and mostly off the top of my head (and past my bedtime). So more to come on that and I hope if you know of a good resource (particularly Catholic ones) you'll share it so I can add it to the list.
But since Pakistan openly broke with Washington over the US military attack on two Pakistani border posts last November, the Pakistani military has more self-confidence. Under its new chief, Lt. Gen. Zaheer ul-Islam, the ISI has become more "proactive" in responding to negative press coverage, according to the officials who spoke with the Post. The ISI revelation to the Washington Post that ISI had turned over Khan's cell phone number to the CIA in November confirms the essence of the story Qadir obtained from his sources.
Thanks to Poppy King’s expertise in lipstick formulas, Supercalifragilipstick has a creamy texture and good staying power. Last but not least, its packaging has a fun mechanism: you press the top down gently, instead of pulling it, and then the tube pops open by itself! The swivel-up section is marked “PUCKER UP,” which makes us smile...all the better for applying lipstick.
So we simply picked a shorter hike with a different focus instead.
July 16th - Isabel was born. BUT if she had been born just about two hours earlier then she'd share a birthday with her late great-grandmother.
Main Engine Cutoff. Second stage separation. Second stage burn started.
I am going back to work tomorrow...
If you know someone overseas in either the RAAF, NAVY or ARMY then please address the package with their name on it or if you dont know of anyone over there please address a Christmas Care package as follows:
Code-named Al-Farouq, the primary targets of the offensive would be “foreign invaders, their advisors, their contractors, all those who help them militarily and in intelligence,” the militants said on their website.
goal setting. I have included steps to reach these goals,
Third: Eat 6small meals instead of 3large meals. Your metabolism will not suffer from peaks and lows, allowing more energy throughout the day and higher fat burning.
Whether we want to acknowledge it or not, we are a compilation of every experience we have ever had. Our beliefs, our desires, our thoughts, our actions – whether we would choose them again, whether we are ashamed of them or are proud of them – are the building blocks of what we have chosen to learn and experience. There is no right or wrong. With the vision of this reality, our understanding of all the reasons and factors that caused us to make our choices is limited. But, once we embark on a path, our disposition is to continue with it in one form or another until the chosen lesson is learned and the experience is complete. This may take lifetimes.
Meghan (4 years 4 months): From previous visits to the Saint Louis Zoo, Meghan knew animal-shaped lollypops were available in the gift shop. Upon arrival for her latest visit, Meghan asked for a lollypop and Grandpa agreed, but then repeatedly, over the following hour or more, Meghan kept asking. Finally Grandpa told her that she would get a lollypop, but that he didn’t want to hear the word lollypop again until they got to the gift shop at the zoo exit. Thereafter, if one listened carefully, Meghan could be heard saying softly to herself, “I’m getting a lollypop, I’m getting a lollypop.” (#457)
...every now and then, I’ll run into former clients from the rehab....usually, they’ll smile, call out my name, maybe give me a hug....except for a couple times, on the sidewalk near a yoga studio I frequent, which just happens to be just around the corner from a methadone clinic....there, eyes avoid me, feet walk rapidly away...ironically enough, telling exactly what they don’t want me to know...revealing through the very act of attempting to hide...
G: Mom, I think we should name the baby Madeline if its a girl.
The Lecce province is a region rich in history and in agriculture. In fact, it is Italy's most prolific and abundant farming region - as evidenced at the Farmers Market (which also serves as a giant roving department store) where many of the local farmers sell their cherries, apricots, herbs and vegetables. Did I mention there were zucchini flowers?
The first few times you wash your wipes you will get some fraying along the edges if you have used the raw edge method. This is completely normal and you can cut away any loose strings with a pair of scissors. Some materials (like flannel and fleece) also pill. You can get rid of any excessive pilling with a lint shaver.
A good night's sleep
Of course, 5 months have FLOWN by. Hell, this last year has flown by. So, maybe if it continues to fly past… I’ll blink and wake up thin. One can only hope.
To celebrate this cold snap I started one last scarf. It is simple 2x2 ribbing and the yarn is a nice chunky blend of wool and bamboo from my stash. I hope to finish it tomorrow and block it, hopefully this winter vacation will stick around long enough to get some use out of it this year. This project was mindless which is exactly what I needed to get going again. I did not get it posted in time for Nicole's Keep Calm, Craft on but here is it. Lots of great projects over there.
Add little by little water to make a soft dough.
Sam's palms began to sweat again. Her dad never talked like this. He was always so gentle and kind. Even when their teenage neighbors back in Salem had sideswiped his car, he'd been calm. And he'd never yelled at her or Abby in their whole lives, no matter how bad they were.
But beyond the railings there was no school.
She nodded, but her hand tightened on his arm as they approached the frontier barrier. She need not have worried. An American customs agent wearing a Texas hat climbed aboard. "Y'all citizens?" he asked. They all were. "O.K." He climbed back down.
May the Irish hills caress you.
To be frank, Lew, I am rarely in the mood these days for a boozy or remotely heavy beer. I'd rather be able to have a "session" without feeling loaded or tired. Furthermore, there is something very special and sophisticated about a well made session beer, which is not an easy task for a brewer! I'm on a mini-mission to expose to people the beauty of a low abv, drinkable ale or lager. Bigger is not always better. I hope the american craft beer scene understands this in years to come and the philosophy of 'whiskey barrel aged 10% triple hopped continuously for 6 weeks and then aged in another barrel and wet hopped' is better" soon comes to a close and there is more emphasis put on balance and refinement! Hence good session beers. Yup. Sounds right to me.
1 pregnancies
If there’s anything unique about this episode, it’s that the last-act action sequence occurs at the beginning of the episode and not in the end. (So technically it’s not a last-act action sequence, but since it’s a standard component of the Avatar formula, it’ll keep its full name.) The kids fight their way into the Earth King’s palace, taking down probably hundreds of guards and Earthbenders. I’ll admit, I wasn’t very thrilled this time around like I was with certain other big action sequences (the ones in “Avatar Roku: Winter Solstice, Part Two” immediately come to mind), but it’s still a cool scene. I’d say it’s more or less like a harmless jam session where Aang, Katara, and Toph get to show off their wicked Bending abilities for its own sake. Not emotionally investing, but often amusing to witness.
What grades have you taught? pre-K, 1,2,3,7
notes right now, "So and so told me about this and we wanted to support you". I've been on the end of sending $10 to random adopting families for a few years now. And I always thought, Oh, well, I wish I could do more but I just want to be a part of bringing this child home... I don't know if that's how y'all feel; but I hope you know: You are a part of this! Jesus said what you have done for the least of these children, you have done for me!
We made our way towards the cathedral, quite an imposing building, where I took a few photos, photography wasn’t allowed inside without a permit, so the stunning stained glass windows, will have to be imagined.
Here is a view from our hut, looking over to the next door one. Nothing is too close together or intrusive here, and the pathways meander amidst the indigenous vegetation, with the lovely scent of wild basil all around.
The world cup is also a wonderful time for snobs to look down on us chavs for wearing soccer shirts or sticking flags on our cars, but being a chav myself it also allows me to display my sneering aggressive contempt towards my betters despite no desire to obtain either the overpriced nylon shirt or tatty flag. The nation is celebrating, join in or go home and watch a DVD box set.
Clean the house and work on laundry
Make sure chicken pieces are dry (very important). Season liberally with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Dredge in a thin coating of flour and place skin side up on a lightly oiled baking sheet. Put in the fridge for at least 1 hour, but up to overnight, so that flour coating sets.
I did not realize she had a Masters in Clinical Psychology - that is really interesting.
Now for something in the shades of Pink from the Belle Jardin Collection, I started this frame weeks ago and then put it aside, finally finished it last Monday.
The Moderns (Alan Rudolph and John Bradshaw)
I’ve finally found the perfect apple pie recipe. It’s perfect because you don’t have to make a crust.
Hey guys! We're so excited to have you be a part of our blog. Our goal is to help and encourage all of our young, single sisters in Christ in their Christian walk by posting our own personal studies and experiences.
#46 Katie Tate
My first 50 feet of the run I must have looked ridiculous, all hunched over and rocking from side to side up to the end of my street. Because of the soreness I couldn’t find a good pace. I went from 10:30 pace to 8:05 and back to 9:30. The whole run was like that. In the end I made it 7 miles and was thoroughly whipped by the finish. Good run that help get rid of the stress of the day and let me think through the problems that need to be resolved.
Once we became settled in comfortably, we realized that we missed having an exchange student around, so we signed up for our third hosting experience. The month of August brought us Liu Shuer, commonly referred to as "Effy", all the way from DongGuan China. She will be spending the entire school year with us. She is only 16 and a bit younger than our previous girls, but she is definitely "sugar and spice and everything nice". Effy has a lively and vivacious personality, yet she fits in so well with our low-key existence. She is an amazing big sister to Chloe and Pearl and she is willing to answer the same questions over and over, since that is what 6 and 7 year olds do. At least the girls can now count to 10 in Chinese.
I had to squeeze into a barely big enough gap between
You may have difficulty believing that giving and a lack of ambition for personal gain can be satisfying. It must be realized and accepted that little long-term satisfaction and happiness is to be gained by rejecting the natural humanitarian inclinations of this path.
A cat settling in your lap or nearby who half-closes his eyes isn’t showing a lack of interest; rather, closed eyes imply total trust and relaxation. (And whether you’re saying something fascinating or boring doesn’t much matter to the cat anyway.)
YIHAAAAA! I am back!
There will be 32 (!) all new eyeshadows, brushes, duo eyeshadows, new mascaras, lipglosses, powders, etcetera.
Keep stopping by to see what's happening. There'll be a new story coming up soon. In the meantime, here's a little joke for you.
So...all in all...a great weekend. OH! And Kathleen arrived home safe and sound yesterday too! She has a few extra freckles from her trip to Florida, and I'm SO happy to have her back!
“Yea, why?”
(Other digital and print editions are forthcoming.)
So we decided, January 2012, was our month (and year) to start. Several of you have asked if I'd blog about adoption, as you'd find it interesting, and well, as you can see, I've decided to take you up on it.
After the pirates invade, the krewe jumps off the ship, "captures" the mayor, and steals the key to the city.
Ben Hutchinson (B): It was Alfie’s idea. He had just read ‘Wind In The Willows’. The Gaoler’s Daughter represents escapism or something…
7. I Can't Slow Down
One of the most comforting things in the life of children are loving grandparents. Some of us were given a tremendous blessing in childhood, that of having close access to living grandparents. All four of my grandparents were living until I was well into adulthood. They all four died within 6 years of each other.
Still working on balancing my hormones but it's not as bad as it used to be.
I can see many of vernal trees and flowers not only cultivated but wild by taking one hour walk.
California, where I lived for more than 10 years, is an American tragedy writ large.
single monthly repayments to your new lender.
Jingle Out.
Article 61: Proved;
It was definitely a good time, and makes me sad that I am going to miss out on the next big meet up next weekend! Looking forward to meeting up again soon, ladies!
Management Support Team
Kirin 27.3%
remember This Sessions goes right through January st 1 2012!
-Link your project in the "InLinkz box at the very end of this post"--it will leave a small thumbnail of your project so everyone can see :)
Free at the point of use it maybe, but cost free it certainly isn't. The cost to all us tax payers runs to over £100 billion a year. It has the income of a small nation but with the burden of expectations of a very large, complex and demanding one. As multiple reports over the years prove (including this one), the NHS is neither efficient or effective in delivering the standard of care we expect. As someone who has had a love one almost die of malnutrition on an NHS ward, I know for a fact that reform is needed.
A lot of people shrug it off and assume that's just the price of renewable energy. I guess it is too. However it's also a bit of a design flaw. Especially in the advertising of what could "possibly" be saved on electricity bills. Apparently, the best way to reduce your electricity bill is NOT to use your household electricity during the day. Because that's when the panels will be at maximum production and can feed back to the electricity grid.
These photographs are mostly without pedestrians because we were strolling around on a Sunday, which is not a cruise ship day, and therefore much of the island is closed. While it limited where we could venture inside, it made for easy sight-seeing.
"You are kidding, right?"
He cleared his throat and called out, ‘People of Onyx,’ when he spoke his lips cracked and bled but he paid it no heed. ‘I have teachings for you. I have wisdom.’ And he called this out constantly until a crowd formed. Some were miners preparing to go to work while others had just finished and were passing through the square to grab a meal before bed.
How is the rake attributed to gamers? – Websites use various methods of identifying how a lot of the rake is applied to each player. Some websites divide the complete rake equally among the players in the hand and some others use diverse systems that issue in elements like the amount of dollars that each player contributed to the pot.
Jermaine Paul received the voters save.
Shape the potatoes into a mound with a well in the middle. Crack the egg in the center and pour 1 cup flour over the potatoes. Begin mixing together and once the flour has been incorporated, add the other 1 cup flour, adding more until it is no longer tacky.
Pour avoir un peu plus de profondeur, je vais ajouter un tout petit peu de C5 dans les zones les plus foncées.
2. I turned 40 on Feb 13
Any parent knows that to be true, so it’s hardly going to come as a revelation when I say that worrying about your kids — really, substantially worrying — makes it difficult to concentrate on much else. I’m not the first person to sit at a desk in a total fog, experiencing the embarrassment and frustration of diminishing mental acuity while every neuron in my brain screams at me that I’m a Mommy, Damn It, and I Need To Go Be Doing Mommy Things.
So fondly nicknamed "the most annoying dog in the world", Fifi does not know that she is a dog. At just 4 pounds, she is my little sidekick that goes with me everywhere. (Literally...if I go into the bathroom she will sit outside the door and whine until I come out) If we go somewhere for the weekend, she jumps right up in to the suburban and rides along with us.
Making new friends not only gives us perspective and teaches us valuable lessons about life and the world around us, it also teaches us a lot about ourselves. It helps us discover who we want to be and who we want to be around. It helps us test the boundaries and find new tastes and preferences. Ultimately, making friends and meeting new people helps us find ourselves. What other network can claim to do the same for its users?
22.CIRCUS LUPUS "We Are The One (rare)"
I'm debating repainting her eyes so that they will be open, what do you think?
Fewer tourists are going to Morocco.
Bit of a sad day here in Defying Gravity land. A family member has passed away. Pinkie, the albino guinea pig we've had since her birth died yesterday. Sniff. Well actually, great big sobs.
I told her the best thing young people have done is make older people so paranoid that they think that everything means something obscene. She said he acts like someone who should be in an adult Special Ed class to learn how to act in public. I told her he was a master of his craft.
Today I have 2 simply fabulous Circle of Honor cards to share. Our team just rocks - just sayin' :)
Finally, "Forestfloor 4" features a blazing black metal riff (with actual progression) prominently towards the beginning of the song. Rehburg slowly creeps in with digitized (and slightly understated) growls which pan back and forth.
After all, Fussman begins the article saying: “So it figures that at least some of these single men in love with the Sofia Vergara they see on television will go looking for their own Sofia. And some of them just may find her, in another Latina. They may even marry that other Latina. It’s not a stretch to say that children, perhaps many children, will come into this world because so many American men are falling in love with Sofia Vergara.”
Designers Marshall Watson and Wendy Monette created a beachy Hampton’s feel with this living space. Again, the use of patterns, various sofa styles and pattern (on the floor in stripes and on the light fixture above) create a movement in the room. The stairwell as well as the molding detail on the back wall also draw your eye to the rear of the room. This space is visually stimulating, don’t you think? House Beautiful, September 2008.
Recently at the Church of Christ the King, where the pentecostalists feed the poor on a Monday (with preaching), I met a lady who had only recently started going to the church. I explained to her that the Catholic Church teaches that the bread and the wine become the true Body and Blood of Our Lord and she replied that none of her Catholic friends had told her that. I told her that the Catholic Church teaches Our Lady to be the 'new Eve' as Our Lord is the 'new Adam'. She replied that none of her Catholic friends knew that.
sa-weet.
The pleasure is when you look at a dust streaked face in the mirror after a 500 km side and don’t want to wash up.
I know. Really depressing thoughts. :(
All I ask is that if you are going to come out and participate you make a DONATION to my FUNDRAISING PAGE (any denomination is appreciated!) and either comment here that you are going to participate or email me and let me know.
need to take up arms against the
Today's word is:
More than likely I won’t have an issue with it.
Radio is screen-free, right? Town Hall meetings are, too!
Not us. Here’s a little snippet of what our conversation last night sounded like:
To end this post...I'm going to try and post more while I am here but be sure to look forward to words from me when I am back in the states. Going through a deployment I'm going to be spending a lot of time alone but online like old times....some may know what I'll be going through. Anyways, please if you read this send some prayers to us in Japan. I don't really want to leave and it's getting pretty hard these days since I am leaving VERY SOON :c
And I didn't forget about our little men either! I love this tie applique. It is so rockin'. Dressed up style without the dressed up discomfort. So what better way to show some team pride then with this charming shirt.
If you were to press a local about the photo, they would probably tell you that the photo was altered, or the film was flawed, etc. etc. but you will never get an admission that this is the only known photo of Mildred Packer.
Then Thorkel the Wealthy spoke and said: “This business that we have in hand is little worth. We will send and tell you as soon as we need your help.”
Marketers have woken up to the impact of social media fairly early. But then social media is not just about consumption. These are the net personas of mostly real people, who live in the real world.
So here we are. (Where else could we be?) Friends in letters. Cool. (So now I’m picturing you as a sombreroed J or K leaning on a fence, and myself as a Mary-I-wanna smokin’ MW on a motorcycle with no helmet. No I don’t indulge. Only in the motorcycle riding. Anymore, anyway, darn it. I miss the giggles.)
93. Invincible Summer Hannah Moskowitz
To me at least I believe that CLAMP is one if not the only legendary producers of anime manga and anime series that actually do justice to both!
Perched atop one of the highest points on the island, the luxurious main house is move-in ready and enjoys 360-degree views and top-of-the-line appointments. Plans for 38 buildings totaling 70,000 sq. ft. include a 3-story houseboat with a marina shop on the first level and a 2-story residence overhead, plus staff and maintenance buildings. A large clubhouse and restaurant, shower and bathroom facilities, and three guest houses with hotel rooms and suites are still under construction.
In terms of what I think, I don't mind admitting that I love the interior of the Bath Hotel so much that I don't even want the colours to change! I know this seems a little weird, but its important to appreciate just how rare a survival the pub is in South Yorkshire. Sheffield, in particular, has always seemed to have had had ignorant, ill-informed, blinkered and disinterested future fanboys for councillors, so almost no old buildings of significance have escaped the wrecking ball. Maybe this skews my outlook, but it adds weight to the gravity of any threat to the Bath's design and architectural integrity.
Was quite unsure about it myself but apparently Jack loved it.
I’ve mentioned this before, but most times when I go for a walk I don’t have a firm plan on where exactly I will be going. I have a general idea, but not a specific route in mind. I basically wing it based on a set of predefined routes. This is true especially in the morning walks, unless I’m feeling real good and want to go further still. I’ve talked about the affect of mood in one of my DF’s, but when I am feeling real good, a three mile walk (my normal morning distance) just isn’t far enough. The problem is, where do I go?
Most people would not have greeted him with: "You're early".........
A lot of people ask me why I sign off my blog posts with "From His Lap". It started some years ago, when our church held a year long 24/7 Prayer Event. We dedicated a small room in the church for prayer. The walls where covered in white paper so that you could write prayer requests and praise reports on them, the lights were dimmed and you could play any praise and worship music you liked. Each person signed up for an hour of prayer any time of the day or night. Since I wasn't working at the time, I choose countless hours to spend in the prayer room.
above, you’d discover He didn’t say,” Let your light shine….” Rather, He said,
“There came a point when I came back from America when I saw my country from the outside for the first time and I started to not want to be German at all. I felt I was German but different. I was born in Munich but moved eight or nine times as a kid, so I saw how various parts of Germany are so different from each other.
Please don't forget to click HERE to see my Tour of my friend Anne Marie's House decorated for Christmas......You will not be disappointed!!
Packing is something that I dearly enjoy when setting off on a trip. Just the anticipation, knowing that in a few hours/days/weeks (noooo…I woudn’t pack THAT early, would I?) I will be blissfully wandering the streets of ________________.
until juices flow clearly with a prick into the turkey breast meat.
“I have spent three years exposing the true nature of BNP councillors in Barking and I am determined to expel them. continues here
The Great Gig In The Sky - Kirsty Rock (Pink Floyd)
Every time I go back to my home town I make a "pit stop" at a particular bakery where I can find the most amazing French Macarons (macaroons) and stunning desserts. I have photographed their window on many occasions as they always offer different choices and was just waiting for the opportunity to scrap those pics. When I first saw the Sweet Nothings collection from Kaisercraft I knew that opportunity had arrived! I love this collection!
The best part? Abby got a superior and rave reviews at Federation, then Ashlynn got eight out of eight superiors at piano festival, and was ranked first in three categories. She even got invited to perform her duet with her friend Katelyn in the honor's recital Saturday night. She was so excited she was, quite literally, bouncing off the walls.
The objects revealed include a fearsome weapon and
Stir in the wheat flour, unbleached all purpose flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt until combined.
They are living simply by our sophisticated standards, luxury and fashion are not words that would enter into their vocabulary. Always cheerful, they do 'think quietly' and so often 'listen to birds and babes with open heart'. They most certainly 'await occasions' as their lives revolve around the traditions of the past and their diaries are ruled by the seasons. This couple are the definition of patience for there is no such act or word as 'hurry' in the Provencal world. Their symphony is rich...a life lived in harmony. A life that is content...xv
I MESSED IT UP!
This year, besides the normal show entries there was a special dedication to Mrs. Rose, the women the quilting world owes their gratitude to for the show "Infinite Variety: Three Centuries of Red and White Quilts" in NYC last March. The guild had a red and white challenge, that resulted in an exhibit of 95 red & white quilts. Our exhibit was hung similar to the way Thinc Designs hung the show at the NYC Park Ave Armory, with the quilts suspended and backed by other quilts. It was a wonderful tribute. I am just sorry that I missed the presentation by Mr and Mrs Rose and Tom Hennes from Thinc on Saturday. But it was my birthday and my family had tickets to the Gladys Knight concert, featuring special quest Brian McKnight, at Foxwoods that evening, with dinner and an overnight stay in Connecticut planned.
What if we treated it like we couldn’t live without it?
The Sierra Club believes the Commissions’ second conditional approval of the plant is arbitrary and unsupported by evidence presented in extensive hearings regarding the project.
Would you say sorry if you saw me now?
Cut bacon strips in half to make two shorter pieces of each.
At just over two years old, ARIA has already become a luxurious trend-setter in Las Vegas’ CityCenter. Embodying the very essence of the city—culinary prowess, exhilarating entertainment, seductive nightlife, and the swankiest suites—this LEED Gold-certified wonderland rises far above the competition.
stuttering
And so over the next little while please join me on the journey of the slow reveal - before and after shots and finally photos of rooms as I finish them off with interior decoration - ideas which I am getting from the many wonderful blogs out there.
Still, on the plus side, I do know what I was doing this very day 34 years ago (and oddly, 1977 works the same as 2011, so the 31st of Jan was a Monday too)... yes, I can confirm we had art with Mr Jones, and I watched Batman when I got home. Nuggets like that would be lost if it weren't for the likes of me and Pepys.
Everyone knows parsley – it’s the brighten-things-up, light + leafy go-to herb. But did you know that there’s something delicious lurking underneath that bushy bunch of greens? It’s the root, and by golly you can eat that part too.
still going to add other stuff to it...
webstore. They are located in the middle of the Netherlands.
Here they are both Jen's winning layout and my Bettie girl:
3)To be open to him and to allow him to make mistakes and teach him to learn from them along the way
I had to ask a curly-haired girl to brace the piano stool, so I could jump down.
Also, you may consider turning word verification 'off' and comment moderation 'on'. This will save tons of time for everyone interested in leaving comments on all your lovely work, but still allow you to choose which comments you want to accept or decline. You do this by going into the settings tool on your blog and then editing comments accordingly.
It was so very hard to get out of bed this morning. I did not want to wake up, nor did I want to face the fact that I had to actually work today. I would have loved to spend the day in bed, doing nothing. It looked like it was going to be one of those days again; until I received an email noting I had a comment that needed approving on my blog. Groggily I checked said comment, to discover Erin at Erin’s DC Kitchen nominated me for the Liebster Blog Award! I had to read this twice, as my blog is still just a baby (a whole two months old, maybe?) and I didn’t think it made much of an impression on anyone, asides from my friends (who, let’s face it, are obligated to be nice about that kind of thing). If you’re not familiar with Erin’s blog, it is filled with fabulous recipes and she has regular Meatless Monday postings – check it out and ENJOY!
This compact thriller takes place in a border town in New Mexico and, like a good deal of Woolrich’s material, sees a tragic train of events set in motion by a foolish mishap. In this case the event in question is brought about when a night club performer, Kiki (Jean Brooks), goes along with the suggestion of her manager/publicist, Jerry Manning (Dennis O’Keefe), that she should make a dramatic entrance with a black leopard on a leash. The idea is to draw the spotlight and simultaneously upstage her rival, flamenco dancer Clo-Clo (Margo). Not a bad plan, as far as it goes. The trouble arises when Clo-Clo, in a fit of pique, startles the beast with the clacking of her castanets, causing it to bolt and and slip away into the shadowy streets of the town. This leads to one of the most celebrated sequences in producer Lewton’s movies. A young girl, a bit of a dreamer and slacker if the truth be known, is sent on a shopping errand by an impatient and exasperated mother. The girl tries to beg off, citing her fear of the wild animal roaming the surrounding countryside, but the mother is having none of it. To her, her daughter has too fanciful an imagination and too little sense of responsibility. The girl’s trip to the only store open at such a late hour, and more especially the return, is an exercise in how to draw tension tight through the use of suggestion and shadowy visuals. What makes this succeed is the fact that the growing panic and dread of the girl match perfectly what the viewers feel as we accompany her on her journey. The tragic outcome, playing on the old fable of the boy who cried wolf, is all the more effective as a result of our experiencing the same emotions as the girl. Suddenly, this sleepy backwater is transformed into a community stalked by fear and suspicion as the apparent victims of the escaped cat start to mount up. As I said in the introduction, this is not a real horror movie in the true sense of the word. There is nothing of the supernatural involved, unless you count Isabel Jewell’s gypsy fortune teller, yet the sense of menace is palpable throughout.
Spring and summer whooshed by so fast, we have had no time to talk about the fun that happened! Back in June, Dianne Lutz of Creatively Dyed Fibers taught a workshop on how to dye a skein of yarn while bringing her awe-inspiring trunk show. For $75 apiece, everyone attending had the chance to play with the delicious superwash worsted merino with all shade of acid dyes. During this exclusive workshop (only one is held per state), Dianne described what to do and what to avoid in choosing colors to make personalized colorways. The result of that day was lots of happy customers who were able to see her fabulous yarns up close and personal without having to attend a fiber festival.
And so continues the second tale of treachery and adventure, sword fighting and magic, myth and legend.
If God is liable to smite anybody around here, it’s me. When it’s smiting time, I duck, because I don’t believe in any religion that requires a building and loan payments. Nevertheless, I’m having a hard time seeing anything wrong with Tim Tebow taking a prayer knee in public. The knee seems a pretty plain and graceful statement, and it’s tiresome to see it so willfully misinterpreted. It’s the preachers from the top of Mount Idiot like Bill Maher who are hard to understand.
Today we offer some tips, based on searches we have observed, user comments and live feedback from focus groups.
I had been under the impression that my patron (who pays for my lessons with my instructor) was going to pay for me to do my first Pro-Am competition in April or May, so I had plenty of motivation to get moving on the design. By February, I had a pretty good idea of what I intended for the cut of my gown, the shape and attachment of the floats, and a range of colors that I would consider. I drew pencil sketches of the front and back views. Then, armed with a folder containing my sketches and research, I took a Friday off work and did a day trip to New York and spent the whole day - from when the fabric stores opened until they closed - collecting swatches, devoloping and comparing various color and fabric schemes, and eventually making a lot of purchases.
There. Nice and succinct.
Anita K. Jones
When I burst through the bed room door last night, hands on my hips and lips pursed, Paul had a pretty good idea he was about to go face to face with pregnancy craziness. After all, he's accompanied me on the pregnancy journey enough times to recognize the signs. I imagine there are pregnant women out there who don't encounter this sort of craving-related craziness, however I am clearly not one of them.
And again: Harry Bingham – the first writer threatened with legal action – has posted a definitive list of questions raised about the Brit Writers Awards.
among ill intentions
13-Flee-Rekkers - Sunday Date
3/4 cup heath bar toffee bits
This will keep you up to snuff on everything.
Moderator: This is a story of two mothers who bring their case before King Solomon. The King knew that on the date in question, in the middle of the night, two prostitutes slept peacefully, their newborns tucked in their arms. The two women aren’t named in the Bible, but we will call them Mona and Lena.
Thinking that I deserve it
We numbly met with the Attorney and the D.E.’s, we requested documentation for recommendations for a Young Adult RTC,So that we may work on Individual contracts between Medicaid and Health and welfare. Other options we are seeking are that of our church as well as I have spoken to a number of parents that have succeeded in having the school district, due to a child’s special needs and incapability for regular schooling, pay for the RTC.
2011-11-28 20:30
"How do we know Jesus was Jewish?
So, keeping my maiden name has never been an issue for me…until now.
Off I went to grandma’s antique cedar chest which has become the repository of all things near and dear to my heart over the last 29 years. As I dug through the boxed champagne flutes from our wedding, the handmade baby sweater set ready to be passed down to a future grandchild (way in the future please!) and the assorted lace linens and tablecloths bequeathed to me from past generations, I found it. Nestled at the bottom of the chest was the “binder”. The way I lifted it out of the chest, you would have thought it contained the Dead Sea Scrolls.
FG 1.015
That was in 2000 which was when the Cake Man Raven set up shop, so to this day I am a little behind on my Cake Man knowledge. To improve that I basically try to eat as much Cake Man Raven Red Velvet cake as I can (to see if it improves my historical awareness) but the only thing getting bigger is this Brooklyn Born belly of mine.
Another criteria is 'Where would I take an out-of-town taco eater?' Ideally it's to a great place that has more than one good item and a comfy space to eat it in.
2012 will be a good year, despite all the doom and gloom spread by media and politicians. Provided we are ready to take advantage of our future by being proactive. If you have a small business: Don’t sit and wait for the phone to ring. Go out there, find new clients, and if all of this is not working, perhaps you have to redefine your products or find new angles to the ones you’ve got. If you are employed and don’t like what you are doing: Get further training in areas you are interested in, have a chat with your employer, find a hobby that offsets the dreary job. Anything, as long as it moves you forward. If you can’t find a job, don’t sit in front of the PC all day, feeling sorry for yourself. Don’t waste your time, talking yourself into more darkness. There are lots of charities out there, looking for volunteers. And you never know – volunteering somewhere might open up new job opportunities. It certainly will broaden your horizon.
Apologist, author, speaker, and pastor, Jonathan Morrow has written one of the most important books in recent memory. An essential read for all Christians, but even more so for pastors, youth pastors, and lay leaders in the church.
It is a measure of this show's brilliance (and its brilliance is often mind-boggling) that it uses a modern musical form, rather than the old-fashioned one that the Follies helped create, to get at its concerns. As in his Company of last year, producer-director Prince has thrown out the time-honored musical convention of using songs to advance a simple-minded script in favor of letting the music add new levels of meaning to a sophisticated libretto (by James Goldman). In this way, the central plot idea of Follies becomes merely one more ingredient of the show rather than its raison d'etre.
Lace: vintage craft supply
“And foreigners who bind themselves to the LORD to serve Him, to love the name of the LORD, and to worship Him — all who keep the Sabbath without desecrating it and who hold fast to My covenant — these I will bring to My holy mountain and give them joy in My House of Prayer. Their burnt offerings and sacrifices will be accepted on My altar; for My house will be called a House of Prayer for all nations” Isaiah 56:6&7.
In France, the relationship with immigrants has always been more difficult, and there is no symbol holding out a shining light to welcome new arrivals (ironic therefore that she should be born in this land). I know that I am in a privilieged position to be an immigrant by choice and not financial or political necessity, and to come from a place that is seen positively (albeit with some suspicion!) in the country, but to my French friends, colleagues and family I will always be the Englishman.
Anger is a secondary emotion. It always stems from something else. When I feel that anger wash over me, when I feel the tears spill from my eyes, the lighthouse that I have created is the word "NO". Inside my head, I yell, with force, "NO!" Once I halt the continuing rainfall of angry and negative thoughts in mid-stream, I take several deep and cleansing breaths to stop the physical reaction of anger, because anger always triggers a physical flight or fight response. First that must be calmed so that I can deal with the feelings. I then ask myself what the primary emotion is. Most likely, for me, it is a feeling of helplessness, a loss of control. Once I recognize that emotion, the root of it all, I deal with it. I deal with it in terms that are manageable and not overwhelming. I acknowledge that I am helpless to change anyone else or to change the past, but I'm not helpless in taking control of my life. I am in control of not becoming a prisoner to the past.
Mill was something of a child genius. His father was a follower of Jeremy Bentham, so the young Stuart grew up with a good working knowledge of Utilitarianism.
Me: " Long.."
On the backpacking southern california may even include transportation to a court hearing and the California divorce lawyer's office is located. However, it is not surprising to see and do in California. There are around 96,500 acres of gardens, classic hotels provide rejuvenating spa treatments to you and your family.
This presentation will focus on the 2010 State of the Nation – the third annual survey of K-12 distance education in Canada. This year’s report documents similar trends in the regulation of K-12 distance education from previous years (e.g., British Columbia continues to have the most extensive regulatory regime). Additionally, Canadian teachers’ unions continue their cautious support of the use of distance education in the K-12 environment. All thirteen provinces and territories continue to use distance education within their K-12 systems, although in many instances the method of delivery is still using print-based materials. At present K-12 distance education enrolment is estimated to be between 150,000 and 175,000 students. This presentation will unpack some of these trends and expand upon each of the provincial and territorial profiles.
But TYWLS also goes the extra mile — bringing in Cool Women with Hot Jobs (from Estee Lauder, Goldman Sachs and AT&T) to inspire the girls to dream big when it comes to potential career paths. Fundraising allows the schools to offer teachers comprehensive professional development and students are encouraged to take advantage of summer internships, academic competitions and opportunities to grow intellectually. And every one of the 2,000 TYWLS girls, 74% of whom come from economically disadvantaged families, is encouraged to lead, work collaboratively, and strive for personal excellence.
In the last week, I've bought books by Laura Oldfield Ford, Philip Davenport, John Lanchester, Neil Campbell and others, yet not sure how much time I'll have to read them - or God forbid, write about them as well! Yet, I'm sitting here, with a week off, knowing that I need - for my own sanity; and because its what I do - to add to this stockpile of work, that at best might receive only a silent applause. I applaud those publishers, blogs and magazines that have carved out their own little coterie, their own little audience - its possible that that's enough; that it creates a shape and narrative around diverse work, and, in time, that will feed into the wider culture. Alternatively, it might be that we are all the followers of narrow sects, proclaimers of the true word, gathered together in dimly-lit basements, glad only that our solipsism is cast aside for a night a month, measuring out our achievements with other solipsists, always a little bit fearful (but possibly glad) that someone outside - some black-clad Roman will come and haul us from our self-designed cell and into the light of public testimony or punishment.
What is Mike’s favorite body part of Ashley’s?
Investigators meeting or corresponding with the archivist and author discover he is an affable soul who enjoys discussing the history of his home county to great extent. He willingly puts off other pressing business to indulge in his penchant for pointing out landmarks, recounting legends, and dispensing what would be considered juicy gossip if the subjects of those rumors hadn’t been dead for over a century. Anyone who responds to his impromptu lectures with sincere interest will earn an invitation to dine with Philips at his home on a regular basis. Those who do so gain +1d6% to their Wildwyck Lore scores (see below) after 1d4 months of dining with Philips and examining the old diaries, artifacts, and maps he loves to share with visitors after meals (provided they wash their hands after eating).
"Katie-did....Katie-didn't"
The woman existed, but the mother, never.
how to survive more days in the month
Once I get home, I pull out my new favorite cookbook which was my first anniversary (paper) present from J: Williams-Sonoma's Cooking from the Farmers' Market. The cookbook is filled with gorgeous, art-quality photos of all types of produce in addition to delicious recipes, tips for buying the ripest produce and how to store almost any produce you could buy at the market. Then I grab a blank piece of paper and start researching.
HEALTH BENEFITS
There I saw one I knew, and stopped him, crying “Stetson!
One of the major ways (and I believe more important that the things I listed above) is to prepare by thoroughly immersing ourselves in God's word. This year more than ever before we have chosen to make God's word a priority in our lives. We have been reading it more often and memorizing more. We have been discussing it and seeking to apply it to our lives. A chapter we recently memorized was Hebrews 11-12:3, It is chapter all about people of faith and what they went through and still stood firm because they were looking ahead to their reward (heaven). What a great thing to have in our minds whenever we face trials! We are now working on the book of James and it is just filled with verses that can also encourage and inspire us if/ when we go through hard times. This sort of preparing is useful for any type of situation!
Note: As a participant in and representative of OSRCon, I want to urge all my readers to look into the event details via the OSRCon website and blog, and PLEASE consider making the trip up to Toronto to play some frikkin' GAMES! In addition to my Labyrinth Lord game, it looks like James M. will be there running Dwimmermount (!!) and there are sessions featuring Pendragon and Expedition to the Barrier Peaks as well.
Brush detangling can be the most damaging to the hair strand if not used correctly. If possible, avoid using brushes altogether. It may be required, for instance, while preparing to flat iron your hair, add rollers or flexi rods, or if you want to get that slick down look. In such cases, be very careful. If there is a need for a brush, it is suggested that one with plastic bristles be used for detangling. This is what is referred to as a modified denim brush, a plastic-bristle brush where every other row is removed to make the spaces wider or use a soft bristle brush for slicking down those edges.
Regular Season
Today we have had a looooong lie in and we loved it. Even little bug slept late allowing us to enjoy a rare day with absolutely nothing to do. Don't you just love those days? In a world of rushing and deadlines and pressure we treasure everyday of nothing.
and the truth about ourselves.
There aren’t really words to describe how special the Canahuati family is. In the face of such pain they put their grief aside to provide everything they could for their little girl. I honestly don’t know if, when faced with such a painful situation, I wouldn’t just spend all day in bed crying. Her parents are two very, very strong people that pushed everything to the side when their daughter needed them. They were destined to be a family, because Avery needed two people as remarkable as her two parents to keep smiling.
“Copper is the new rose gold,” Hilary Joy’s chief said on-air.
I confided in two friends that, perhaps, I should experiment with my sexuality…I wanted to know what it was like to be with a girl…how it would make me feel. After all, based on my logical take on the world, there were more than a few occasions when I was told that I would “make a GREAT lesbian”…whatever THAT means…
-Sewing Machine
What I noticed was particularly funny about this rankings and having people make a list is that you got to see distinctly what generation each person was from. Most likely if you are a Generation Xer, a lot of your infamous Mets will come from the ‘90s and ‘00s, sometimes if you are ingrained in Mets history, you’ll throw in a couple guys from the ‘70s and ‘80s for good measure, especially if they have remained a punchline longer than they were actually playing for the Mets.
I’ll leave that fight for a colder day though.
Till’ you don’t understand Sometimes
I attempt to think of all the words that I've wrote over the past few months since I blew the dust off this thing, and I momentarily wonder if there's any kind of rhyme or reason, within them or around them?
By nature, I am a woman who looks for the straightest line between two points. The one point is where I am and the other is where I want to be. I am a doer. I want to check it off my list and I want it to stay checked. :) I want to drive the shortest, and fastest way to the store or the school. I want to order my life so that it works at maximum efficiency.
* 216sq.m. lot area
As embodied by the teachers unions. This excerpt from an article in today's Detroit News entitled "Tougher teacher no-strike law pushed" shows how the left uses logic, peaceful dialog, and uplifting art to argue their point:
In between having an important "evening meal" (a pork pie and a pack of crisps) we ended up having 3 of the Gambit each. All the time the pub was filling up with punters, and before we knew it, not only was it 21.00 but Wee Keefy was in with his work colleagues. Mr H had to escape home but I stayed for another half, this time the Revolutions Overkill Rhubarb Wheat beer. I had eyed this up with caution even though I rate Revolutions, but I needn't have worried - this was a fantastic quenching not too chewy not too sweet fruit beer which I wished I'd had enough "real money" to have a pint of.
On top of this, slices of the lamb were arranged and topped with a quenelle of garlic purée and a sprig of mint.
I have a thing for Jello. I've loved it since I was a kid. It was early "cooking" - hey, you learn how to measure water and stir! And patience as you waited for the Jello to set. So, I wanted to make a Christmas-themed Jello dish.
It normally happens around my birthday. I take this time to realize, A) I’m getting older and closer to death B) I’ve achieved some of my goals I set out for myself as a naïve 18 year old man C) I need to redefine my goals and ambitions.
they think I am weak
The Two Kinds of Religious People
Well, that's all! If you have any questions feel free to ask me!
Here's the conversation that went on in my brain (might of even said some of these words out loud). Yes, fellow Target shopper, I'm the crazy woman talking to herself at the end of the aisle! "Ummm, that's the perfect color and I'm lovin' the price. Shame that's not a bedskirt. But wait...could I make it work?"
the man whom i last made love to
This is shown in Deuteronomy 4:8.
When the cream is formed fold in the blueberry syrup. Check for sugar add more if needed. Cover the bowl with a plastic warp and keep it in the freezer for 1 hour i.e. the mixture should be half frozen.
BACKER H. Counterpoint: in favour of mandatory influenza vaccine for all health care workers. Clin Infect Dis 2006; 2: 1144-1147.
to school every morning.
Grandfather’s breath always smelled like vinegar. Randolph asked him repeatedly for a more noble Indian name. He’d hoped for something like, “Walks on the Wind” or “Fearless Falcon”. But Little Pigeon stuck and he continued calling him that until the “bottle” claimed his life.
Meanwhile, Star Wars keeps getting the cool shit, and kids eat it up.
Yes, Paul was fulfilling his apostleship, for God was providing the means so that he could do it. He is also providing the means for you to fulfil your ambassadorship. Are you aware of His leading and reacting accordingly?
Some fiddle things gradually tell that something wrong with Charlie and Emily, then Raymond starts to have knot on his stomach. He struggles to solve something invisible, though his clumsiness seems to make things worsen and tighten the knot. And then...
Each different skin type will react differently to the various types of cosmetics. Even if a particular brand works for your eye shadow, the same brand may not work for lipstick. This is because the skin type on your eyelids may be very different from the skin type on your lips. When you are choosing cosmetics such as foundation, for example, avoid drying cosmetics or cosmetics that cause your skin to break out. Unfortunately, you may have to try several products in order to determine those that work on your skin consistently. Another issue which must be considered is that your skin may build up a reaction to a particular cosmetic which did not previously cause a skin irritation, so you may be forced to find an alternative to a tried and true brand which worked well in the past. Skin characteristics may change significantly over a lifetime as well, forcing a change in the type of cosmetics which you select.
S - Snuggies. Weezer has their own Snuggies. Awesome.
For music, my only option is a hand-me-down lamb that my Boy Cousins used to sleep to, which plays Mary Had A Little Lamb with a wind-up key. Babby already enjoys this music box, although it’s a little sprightly for sleepy time. However, PH is worried about it because the toy is over 20 years old and has metal turn-key. It doesn’t look super safe for a tiny baby. Better for a slightly older child who doesn’t poke himself in the eye when trying to put something in his mouth.
Listen to your heart, fear not to fall,
Dress, Vero Moda, chunky necklace, H&M like 5 years ago.
1. So important is a possession of knowledge and being informed, that Paul counted all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ” (Phil. 3:18).
I’m honored that I’m being interviewed by a Columbia journalism student, and was invited by a freshman at my alumnae, Babson College, to come speak at the Women’s Leadership Program.
One of the items that I included in the kits, was a piece of corrugated cardstock. I gave all the design team a challenge to make an embellishment out of it. I was really looking forward to seeing what everyone came up with and they did not disappoint! After playing around with my corrugated piece, this is what I ended up with:
She was the sickle; I, poor I, the rake,
So it just occurred to me that in 2 days I'm taking the girls to see the Disney Princesses on Ice show and I'm still on crutches. I'm not sure how I'm going to pull this off. The girls, especially Olivia, tends to be a runner. If she sees something that's exciting to her, she's off. And Ava tends to follow. So I make it a pretty strict rule that they HAVE to hold my hand if we're in a parking lot or in a crowded area. But that's not going to be possible with crutches.
It might be best if Miley Cyrus stays out of the kitchen. Late Monday night she sliced her finger while cooking and was rushed to the hospital. Photographers were all over the incident, immediately following her there.
I had to pull over because I couldn't drive from laughing so hard!
Roman Dalton wakes in a flat with no memory of how he got there. Ton Ton Macoute's men are after him and millionaire Harry Nero is engaged in kidnapping and zombification. All Roman knows is he has to find Daisy before it's too late. The only problem is, he can't remember who Daisy is. A dark intense story by Richard Godwin involving slavery, which looks at the genesis and workings of Roman's lycanthropy.
Beware folks of the word "Partnership" when it is excessively bandied about in a business meeting, by the client. In my experience, if a customer insists they want you to be their "Partner" that usually translates into:
You just set me free
(512) Whiskey Double Pecan Porter
Last, I'm not a big fan of grass but late last summer we trenched in our water line from the well to the two cabins and the grass never reestablished so I've had LOTS of mud around here. We seeded it with a mix of grass, red and white clover, all of which is starting to rally take off. I'll be glad to be rid of all the mud!
Then this kitchen goodie.....seen better days,
WINTER WINDS by Mumford and Sons. This is it. The relationships in this book are all winter relationships. They're going to have to do some growing if they're going to make it to spring. (Love this song. Mention of pestilence wins it extra points.)
Yes, I am writing. Aside from blogs, I have started working on a new book. (For all of you asking, “what happened to that other book you were writing and excited about finishing about a year ago?” may answer is, “It’s still around. I’m just not ready to go back to that story line yet.”) So anyway, this new book of mine has a finished outline and quite a bit of background.
graphic
Amen! Kudos to Ruth and Stacey for posting Jane Yolen's quote about exercising the writing muscle. I am currently experiencing an uneventful Saturday. Don't get me wrong, I am content with a weekend day that will not require another weekend to recover. On the downside though, an uneventful day doesn't exactly fill my mind with things to write about, and I always feel some level of pressure to create a slice that will entice at least a few readers. Anyway, back to my point. Jane Yolen's words of wisdom allowed me to relax and not worry so much that I do not have something incredibly interesting to write about. Sometimes, writing about not having anything to write about is still a way to exercise my writing muscles! (My students do it all the time.) I'll be sure to add some intensity to my writing workout tomorrow.
Attributes: Agility d10, Smarts-d4, Spirit-d12, Strength-1d12+5, Vigor 1d12
She should’ve known the healing was too good to be true. No one gets away with murder…for very long, anyway.
Most
At least that’s the theory.
Problems:
Attics and the urine of lizards and mice….
“It simply depends on what level of compromise the artist’s practice can handle,” Jack says. “There is an outside chance it might just assist in the creation of some (art). There’s a higher chance of reinforcing the narrow stereotypes of conventional cultural production, that is, pictures on walls in nice frames made by poor, sensitive, harmless types.”
The Diversity in YA Tour's Austin stop was wonderful. Thanks for coming out and thanks for all the books bought after the celebratory conversation.
National police spokesperson Vish Naidoo said that in terms of the Traffic Management Act members of the VIP unit may exceed the speed limit and use their blue and white lights when there justifiable circumstances.
Short term traders will trade what the market gives them. Swing traders and certainly investors need a clearer view of things… right now, the market waters are pretty murky and probably will continue until May 6th with the French AND Greek elections. Let’s not forget, these are elections… politicians don’t get elected by taking things away from voters but quite the opposite. Not only that, if somehow the markets conclude that these changes (assuming they do change) would be a plus for growth in Greece and France, well, the market should ________ (Fill in the blank because the market is not rationale).
Author: Ukamaka Olisakwe
"So I read those posts you made for Resolve.Org and I read the page on how Family/Friends should support those who have to deal with infertility and holidays such as today. I hope you are doing well.
Your virginity is yours to keep and a gift to give, don't feel like you owe it to anyone to give it up for dinner and a movie. And you don't have to fuck someone to prove you love them.
“There is no reason now with this Court decision why the US or Europe or NATO should not be pushing to have Macedonia admitted on that basis,” Volker told a Ukrainian newspaper.
lovely flowers surrounding steps leading up to a beautiful, ornate painted veranda - I would love to have a house with a veranda! Just imagine sitting here watching the world go by and enjoying the garden, or entertaining with family or friends.
14.Ukiah, California Common Tree Symptoms
Must stop being lazy.
Some of the materials used included polyurethane flooring over concrete floors, mild steel both raw and powder-coated, natural ash timber veneers and a sandstone gabion wall which adds texture as counterpoint to the black polished steel wall in the lounge.
That I know of.
11:00 till the Wee Hours
That has always been denied, but slice it as you like and despite all the compendious published material on him, no one really knows what he is or what he stands for. All we know for sure is that for most of his adult life he has been a committed communist fellow traveller. And, as such, made a variety of stupendously damaging decisions.
Direct the winds of passion to your goal
Happy revising!
I'm so happy with how this came out. I was feeling unsure midway through but I love my end result. Devious Nature was more watery and runny than I expected. Two coats may have been sufficient but I simply preferred the look of three instead.
Track-List:
Lots of stuff to unpack there historically. But politically, my immediate reaction: I can’t imagine that even if any and all “general strike” legislation were instantly repealed, much of American organized labor as we know it would be out on strike today. More to my point, I can’t imagine Graeber thinks so either.
both the bad kind, and the good kind.
You can find ENCLAVE here and OUTPOST here on Goodreads to add to your TBR shelf! And be on the look-out for another UH-MAZE-ING Razorland series book trailer! This ENCLAVE trailer still blows my mind:
are developing freindships that could possibly last a lifetime!
And participate in the Eternal Dance of Joy and Suffering
Here’s something you should know. When Chuck Norris does a push up, he isn’t lifting himself up; he’s pushing the Earth down. Is it true? It doesn’t have to be; it’s a Chuck Norris fact! Chuck Norris facts are usually very ridiculous and untrue statements about how tough, fearless, or strong Chuck Norris is. This meme is said to have been inspired from some Chuck Norris jokes Conan O’Brien (a late-night talk show host) mentioned on a show. Another possibility appears to stem from people making up facts about Vin Diesel as a result of his role in the movie “The Pacifier”, and then deciding to focus on Chuck Norris instead. Don’t worry about Chuck being offended, though. He has stated that it is flattering, and that he finds some of them genuinely funny.
I have been busy painting again, this week flowers, in watercolour of course. I finished this one of tulips, called Pink Sunshine. I am almost finished another one of red tulips, but that will have to wait until next week.
Below please find the Call to Action for the May 20 March on the NATO Summit.
If you have read my other posts you will know about my visits from the benefits office....twice in one year!!
If you haven't already, blog about your weekend plans. Maybe you have a bunch of projects you are going to tackle. Maybe you are attending party after party. Or perhaps you are laying low. Whatever it is, share it on your blog! Feel free to use the "Weekend Planning" button in your post! Then, come back to this blog and link up your post in the link collection at the bottom of this entry.
It’s an unwritten rule among the vendors, we don’t give them merch, we don’t ask for photos; they want to be there and shop for their produce and flowers and baskets like normal people. Jennifer usually has a flock of paparazzi chasing her, which I always thought was pathetic, and which makes her shop in a rather executive fashion. In any case, I was not about to ask her for a photo of her and her purchase, I always figured the paparazzi would take care of that for me.
Now author Peg Tyre, perhaps best known for her book The Trouble With Boys, provides parents with some basic guidelines to use when evaluating educational options. In her latest book, The Good School, Tyre says that parents should look at the relationship between teacher and students, the general intellectual environment (does it include plenty of words? everyday references to mathematical concepts?) and school playgrounds.
* If your skillet is not oven-safe, prepare the recipe through step 4 and then transfer the filling to a 9x13-inch baking dish. Top the filling as directed and bake for an additional 5 minutes.
The two-week Confederations Cup, featuring the world champions, six continental champions and hosts South Africa, is a test event for the World Cup.
and Rah Rah college. He went to Williams College where after a short
So breaking down his argument, this stems back to when children have to take their books around with them (and home) and the end of each day, in case of theft. So we are talking about after school hours, in evenings, at night ? In essence his claim is that the fault is that teachers failed to protect schools after school from thefts and break ins. Is that a teacher's role ? If so, what an utterly ridiculous argument.
Location: NWCX
So lovely! Stop by tomorrow for a more in-depth look at this fab wedding as well as Julie's favorite part of her day and her advise to fellow brides! See you then ...
El-Badri : Before this technology can benefit Libya, it will have to train many specialists and it will require a great deal of technology transfer".
She taught him everything. She was patient and careful with him. Her back injury healed up and she taught him to do show jumping. She loves him. He lets her have things her way. He never fights her. If she turns and runs the other way or if she is setting the tempo a little too high, he never complains. She is glowing when he rides her in a way she never did with me.
I think she’s right. What’s unquestionably certain for me, however, is that when I began looking for the lesson in life’s experiences, my reactions toward life, particularly the tougher parts, took a dramatic turn for the better. I’m not suggesting you and I should lay down and just let life roll over us. And neither am I suggesting you gloss over evil and injustice as if it’s necessary for the service of some grander purpose. I’m only suggesting that you join me in the practice of acceptance. We are taught to resist what is. Discontent is the ego’s twin sister. Learning the art of acceptance, however, is a learned skill. And inner peace is its reward.
Dear Mr. Savage:
Paul was indeed an authority on this subject, having been involved in religion, experiencing the violent opposition of religionists and then warning us of the danger of such people. He experienced the fruit of religious activity among the churches of Galatia. From 3:1, we read,
In addition to one of these all-new colossals for every faction, WARMACHINE: Colossals features new warcasters representing the third incarnations of some of the Iron Kingdoms’ most iconic characters, plus fully compiled and updated Unbound rules, providing enhanced gameplay opportunities for large-scale games of 150 points or more.
Hello, thREADERS! Just wanted to give y’all a friendly reminder that, whenever you KNOW all eyes are on you, or even when you think no one is watching you… always buckle up and be careful not to get caught with your pants down.
1 sprig fresh thyme
The Indians on SportsTime Ohio show up at 34th (ratings) and 41st (households) on the list - with a rating of 2.84 and 43,000 households.
Meanwhile, there is more puzzlement today about why Newscorp appears to have a divine right to receive extensions on everything it is asked to produce. Now the company has applied for and been granted an extension to a deadline set by the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee to provide details of payments made by The Sun to police officers. The request – from entirely upright citizen Keith Vaz – followed evidence from then editor Rebekah Brooks to MPs in 2003. During this session (on video) she said: “We have paid police for information in the past.”
He will split his time between his district (super small) and ours (very large).
Have you ever had something that reminded you of a better time or a better place? I have that something just about every week. You might say it takes me to one of my "happy places". What could it be that has such a powerful force on my psyche? It's called "Fuller's London Pride". She was my first.
“They’re imposing a structure on the natural flow of music,” said Seth Harper, an 18-year-old from Georgia. “The GA decided to do it … they suppressed people’s opinions. I wanted to do introduce a different proposal, but a big black organizer chick with an Afro said I couldn’t.”
At first, I was shocked when I heard I had to go and report on a vandalised car park outside Coventry. I definitely didn’t see that coming. Also, I haven’t really been reporting outside the city centre so it was kinda of shock when I heard it but I said to myself – I will do whatever it takes and will not quit. People believe in me and won’t let them down!
It seemed clear to Felicity that this would eventually lead to him offering her one of the capsules, and her years of anti-drug education had created pretty stable brain networks working against that eventuality. At the very least, she thought to herself, I’m impressed. If this is all a build up to spike my drink, he’s putting a lot of work into it.
A Cook's Notes: serve souffles with a simple spinach salad tossed with pine nuts and a mild vinaigrette and a good cold, crisp Sauvignon Blanc.
At the conclusion of American Music we see how the past and present stories are related. But this is not the key point. Once the past is fully encountered and understood, Mendelsohn tells us, we can’t hold on to it. Once it has served its purpose (once our relatives have lived and died for us) it is time to let the past (and them) go.
This is a delicious dose of Vitamin C in a tart shell! My co-workers liked this a lot and I was really pleased with the combo of fresh citrus and well, lotsa butter and eggs! Caroline said it was like eating an orange creamsicle! :)
Finding one of these iPad 2,4 variants is not easy, however. “If you’re in the market for an iPad 2, the 2,4 is clearly the one to get – if you can find one that is,” wrote Anand Shimpi.
“He didn’t show up,” the detective stated.
Because he hath appointed a day, in the which he will judge the world in righteousness by that man whom he hath ordained; whereof he hath given assurance unto all men, in that he hath raised him from the dead. Acts 17:31 (KJV)
A little regrouping is enough.
Sing me back home with a song I used to hear
Everything that was ever solved was solved because somebody was willing to face it. It all starts with the courage to face the facts. In facing the facts that you had always tried to avoid, for the first time you are looking at life square in the eye. Face the brutal facts of life courageously; knowing very well that something can be done about it. Escapism is not for people like you and me. What must be faced, must be faced, sooner than later.
She blurted the first name that came to mind. “Sonja.”
Thy sun rising high, shall command!
It is a Ánything Goes'challenge and you have to use one re-cycled item on your project.
Think carefully about what’s on your phone before bringing it to a protest. Your phone contains a wealth of private data, which can include your list of contacts, the people you have recently called, your text messages, photos and video, GPS location data, your web browsing history and passwords, and the contents of your social media accounts. We believe that the police are required to get a warrant to obtain this information, but the government sometimes asserts a right to search a phone incident to arrest — without a warrant. (And in some states, including California, courts have said this is OK.) To protect your rights, you may want to harden your existing phone against searches. You should also consider bringing a throwaway or alternate phone to the protest that does not contain sensitive data and which you would not mind losing or parting with for a while. If you have a lot of sensitive or personal information on your phone, the latter might be a better option.
How good are these wee prizes! Delish prizes for 2 fab lucky winners!
I now have had time to listen to all my purchases, reflect on the day over a meal out with the family and can still say that the Fall single is pish and best avoided if you have any love for this gruppe whatsoever.
Today, none of his classmates were in attendance and Little Man was pretty upset about it. I proceeded to hop around by myself with a sullen faced son looking on, complaining and saying he wanted to go home. My initial reaction would have been to storm out of there, child in town, stewing and slightly angered. I stayed calm long enough to assess that a little distraction, some joking around and a huge smile could be enough turn him around. Ten minutes later and victory. He even asked me to leave once the parent part was over. I obliged, grabbed some fruit and spied from above.
- Gianduja mousse
The board game is pretty much like Monopoly, you have to obtain dice (you get one for free every 10 minutes) and then you can roll it and land someplace on the board. You can either land on a quest, a bonus, or a mystery spot.
On a bicycle, there are no half cog teeth. Everything is a whole number. Like theAbysmal Calendar‘s measures. If cycling has taught me anything (well, it’s taught me lots, actually), it is the advantage of regular cadence and rhythm. It makes for smooth, efficient progress.
“Smile. It’s the second best thing you can do with your lips.” – Anonymous
The union achieved its slender 55 per cent majority for strike action because 12 per cent of members failed to vote.
The Asshole Drawer of Shame.
Will always have ripe blackberries to eat and a sunny spot
This is exactly what Jesus did . . . Why did he do this? For Truth. To teach them who they really were: neither angels nor beasts, neither Heavenly nor Hellish, neither sages nor fools, but both . . .
Anyways, the food! I loved the food in Saigon! We were able to get a per diem for our food and just eat from street vendors and such. Some highlights were Banh Mi (which is a sandwich of eggs or meat and vegetables on a baguette), smoothies, and this delicious and super cheap pork and rice. Also that month we went to the Hard Rock Cafe. We needed a little American food!
“White Zombie La Sexorcisto: Devil Music Vol. 1 on 180g clear / white Import LP
11. Friendly Fire
Now, I am not one who believes that old people should just take to their rocking chairs, or if active, spend their time golfing or 'vacationing'. My beloved grandma worked until she was in her late 80s; she never grew old or 'thought old.' But she could do that, because she owned her own business. She still spent much time with her many children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren but she always kept busy and active in working life. I admired that.
Cherry- Provides attractive flowers in spring and delicious fruit in early summer.
I created accounts, posted, deactivated. This cycle continued for two more years. What’s this obsession with posting and deactivation? It’s just another symptom of Borderline Personality Disorder.
Related to Tip Two, I’ve found that I can easily pre-order cuts of meat, types of cheese, seafood, eggs and large amounts of produce (like strawberries for jam) and pick them up at my local farmer’s market. Farmer’s like this because they know they are bringing items to market that will be sold. And I love it because I don’t have to get to the market only to find out that no one has any chicken breasts left.
Anyway enough of the chat
I don’t open up much about my past. I’ve kept that fairly private on ye’ ole’ internets, but to understand why I am a cynic or why I’m such a bad ass, you must understand who I was as an adolescent.
It is simply a matter of engrossing yourself in Mu so totally that there is no room for thoughts of any kind, including Mu itself.
The gym acts as an unofficial support group to many people. Members often drop by just for a chat, even if they don’t have time for a workout. As far as we can, we help one another – we don’t pry, we don’t push but I guess we provide a listening ear, share suggestions, introduce helpful people. You can’t put a price on that.
She was responding to the news that at least £10.9 million and possibly as much as £20 million is spent by councils across Britain each year translating official documents into a variety of languages.
2. Missing the real goal of our life
She got the house ready, in the spirit of St. Nick.
Deck The Halls; I Saw Three Ships
GIVES BEST WRITING FEATURES
damn hands off our Medicare?
Howdy Vintage Friends EVERYWHERE....!
And of course there's more room in the church for Megan to dance!
Recently in City of Naga (Cebu), the President cracked another boring line that made him land in the entertainment section of newspapers. During the inauguration of the KEPCO-SPC Cebu Power Plant he told in his speech (as quoted by Willard Cheng in ABS-CBN News):
Wait. That will need some explanation.
we didn't do that this time. and, i'm more disappointed in myself than you will ever know.
Me: Do you mean a Marine?
Franky Goes to Hollywood Two tribes UK
your vocabulary and you may
Middleson and Oldest have NO idea that tomorrow will be an 8th Birthday Tailgate in honor of Oldest's special birthday and an Ohio Buckeye Football Game. What a great combination! They will both be surprised tomorrow morning. All of my secrets are in place and ready to go! I can hardly wait.
Rocky II is still a good movie if judged by itself, but not nearly as good as the original. The story is still enjoyable for men, but lacks any kind of love story like in the first one to draw in lady folk that might be interested in that. It’s still a great underdog story, but suffers from being a little too familiar to the first movie. Still worth watching and probably worth owning. Rocky II gets “Yo, Adrian! I did it!” out of “Derogatory? Yeah, he’s great.”
“But blessed is the man who trusts in the LORD, whose confidence is in Him.
The crying and the lack of sleep led to a cold last week, but sickness I can deal with. What's harder to manage, for me personally, is the knowledge that your emotions are still fragile, that they still have ragged edges around them, and that the person you're with just might say something penetrating enough -- "wow, you look exhausted" -- to trigger tears.
Incroyable as my French friends would say.
Given that you all have way more experience shopping for fabric online than I do, if you'd like to recommend resources you've used, please share them below, especially for those shopping overseas.
I read an article recently about how people don't really like candy corn anymore.
I don’t want to bore the non-parent with details as to how it is done. Actually I do. Basically, you let the baby associate the fresh air on their privates with elimination. The baby learns not to pee when he’s clothed. Send a self-addressed stamped envelop with £5 or $8 to Lewis Schaffer, “That Crazy Dad”, Nunhead and I will email you how it’s done.
My dream man has a job, takes care of me and loves me unconditionally. He isn’t a CEO. He doesn’t drive a BMW. And he certainly doesn’t spend $5,000 on a wedding ring for me. My Prince Charming knows everything about me, sometimes knows me better than I know myself and he will always be there for me. Through hell and back we will never stop loving each other and we will forever be madly, deeply in love – a love that makes everyone envious of us.
Well, you realize what kind of schlock I review here, right? And though I HAVE mentioned Michael Caine's name here a couple of times and Billy Crystal's more than once, I feel it only fair to recognize this man for whom many of us would only know BECAUSE of the schlock I review here.
When Paul was in prison in Rome, he may have been alone physically for all had forsaken him. But spiritually, he had the fullness of the Godhead in him.
When I was a kid, the Israelis were automatically the good guys because they sounded like us and wore Western clothes, whereas the Palestinians/Arabs sounded like foreigners and wore costumes straight out of Lawrence of Arabia.
The Pontiac was still smoking and spewing both white and blue smoke. Through the mist of its destruction you could see that the body was broken in two. The nose looking downwards at the ground, while the taillights were angled upwards looking towards
The novel’s central characters are two siblings, Jaidev and Tara Puri, who live in a small, tightly knit Hindu community in a lane called Bhola Pandhe’s Gali in the old walled city of Lahore. Among the ways in which Yashpal’s novel links the lives and loves of its middle-class characters to the great churning in the public sphere of Lahore and Delhi in the 1940s is by setting them within the overlapping worlds of journalism, literature and education in Lahore (no other Indian novel is so much in love with the idea of the newspaper, and the newspaper’s power as a voice of reason in the public sphere). Puri is an idealistic young writer and journalist who has already served a prison sentence for the cause of the freedom movement. Tara is a college student excited by the intellectual freedom of the university – one that is not available in the world of the gali, with its family and gender hierarchies – but troubled by her engagement to a man she hardly knows.
So I guess it makes sense when people say, "The government sucks."
Dear Heavenly Father, thank You for teaching me every day of my life the importance of accepting and embracing discipline in my life. I am willing to accept disciple, knowing that it will make me more effective in my walk with You. Thank You for treating me like a son, whom You discipline in love, in Christ Jesus! Amen!
It’s great to get your pieces by the pound, in this case 26lbs of colorful sets. Cajun Chess sells the pieces the kids in our programs adore and these came via Susan Polgar.
London's firefighters celebrate: Coleman is gone
Imagine my shock and dismay when I received in the mail today a tri-fold flyer touting the latest “alumni advantages” and upon opening it, I spied an article inviting me to a launch party for “Devil’s Pitchfork Pale Ale” at Four Peaks Brewery (find the link to their brewery yourself).
It all started over a decade ago the time my little family and I went without TV for about a year. Despite being raised on television, I managed not to die. But something else died that year. I lost my stamina. Plus my kids ruined it. Eventually, I enjoyed my battle with them for the remote control more than actually having the control. Soon I was watching their shows. So with the exception of one or two series, I lost my will for it. Essentially this: meh.
I still have three more weeks to enjoy my holiday here in Argentina, during which I hope to see more of my friends and family and enjoy visiting all the familiar places that mean so much to me ...
1/2 c. butter, melted
Yesterday Brandon Morrow threw a 3 hit shutout of the Angels in a 5 -0 win. Today Henderson Alvarez threw a 6 hit shutout of the Angels in a 4-0 win.
i'm hungry....
Perfume Genius
Thanking those involved in bringing the project together, he pointed out that bureaucracy could be overwhelming and difficult as he once again called for red tape to be cut in order to save money.
Riki Ashment, a second-year pharmacy student, helped coordinate Roseman’s tree for the Festival. Other students who contributed with donated time, decorations, and design skills, included Mary Rogers, Emily Bates, Brittany Bryan, Sara Langlois, Crosby Oldham, LeeAnn Madrid, Makenzie Nye, Brittan Jacklin and Jayson Madson.
From day to day we live from our heads, our thoughts.....and this causes all our problems, all our misery. We're going against our deepest instincts!
They shall grow not old, as we that are left grow old;
Some of the songs aren’t from those years – most remarkably the one ADELE song on the list – but they’ve all got the tone I’m trying to achieve in Half-Sized Tiger. I also included some links to YouTube videos – official videos by the artists, fan videos using footage from Toradora!, and non-official fan videos as well.
Here I am in a plane, skipping Tuesday. After dozing for more than eight hours, I tried to peek out the window. Outside it's midafternoon, and even at our starting-point it's not so very early in the morning. But the steward makes me shut the windowshade. All the way. Because the other passengers want to sleep.
“In Isaiah 53, for example, the sufferer is called not the ‘messiah’ but the ‘servant of the Lord,’ and the passage speaks about the sufferings in the past tense, as something that has already happened at the time of writing (six hundred years before Jesus). As interpreters have long noted, if read in context, the author tells us who the servant of the Lord is. In Isaiah 49:3 the prophet declares, ‘And he said to me, ‘You are my servant, Israel, in whom I will be glorified. It is Israel who is God’s servant, who has suffered for the sins of the people and so brought healing. . . He is not talking about the future messiah.” (166)
After all, it’s hype that put Alabama Shakes in their current position: the realm of artists such as Drake, Nicki Minaj, and The Strokes, who achieved international acclaim before even having released a full-length album. At SXSW, they were the uncontested must-see act, serenading jam-packed venues with their refreshing blend of southern soul-rock and innovative indie. All eyes were on the Athens, AL four-piece in the weeks leading up to their much-anticipated debut record, Boys & Girls, which dropped Monday morning from ATO Records.
I swallowed. My mouth was very, very dry. "What?"
13. Rude World (Rough Mix 2 Page / Plant)
I guess it’s all the wedding stuff making it a bit difficult to focus on anything but. Who knew getting married in December would prove such a difficult task. If I hear one more vendor say - Ooh, eeh December you say? Wow! *Sigh* that’s a really busy month for me - I will cry. I thought people did Christmas in December, not weddings.
— Image quality: Please send the most color-balanced, evenly exposed, well-focused photographs you have; don’t use sharpener software. No screen grabs.
This entire bogus brouhaha about the White House and Contraception is a scam.
And what was the deal with the sandwiches? If these stupid poor hillbillies were so poor and destitute, where in the hell did they come up with these sandwiches night after night after night? And what about breakfast? Lunch? Wasn't there anything else in the house? And how did Junior Samples With A Shotgun get so fat if they have so little to eat? And how do you live high on the hog in the Witness Protection Program? According to Henry Hill, that isn't how it works!
Oh, but that's okay. I can give THE BEST YEARS OF MY LIFE to my children, and when they're old enough for me to not have to worry about their every move, that'll be great. EXCEPT I'LL BE 70. Yeah, I'll be touring the world at 70, and that will kind of suck, because my back will be shot, and I'll look weird because I've had that botched second face lift. Oh, and people might wrinkle their noses at me, because my bladder will have completely let go of the toe hold it still had on my body, and I'll have to wear a great big incontinence diaper.
Weekly?
I received a call from the production manager, Michael, just as I was going into a university exam – I went to a music conservatorium and so it was a singing exam. Great timing right? The production was a total mystery to me, but Michael, whom I’d met when I was working on ‘Underbelly’, sounded pretty stressed, so I thought I’d go in and play it by ear. I quickly warbled through my singing exam, and the second it finished, raced off to the address I’d been given. I expected it to be an audition, but lo-and-behold, as soon as I arrived I was flung into a makeup chair, a script was thrust under my nose and I was told I’d be on set in an hour. As I was getting my makeup done and frantically trying to memorize the script, the brilliant Belinda McClory (who co-wrote the film) explained that the person they had originally cast in the role was MIA, they couldn’t even get in contact with him. Being familiar with my work, they’d hoped I’d be able to step in.
“The Most Learned of the Shi’a: The Institution of the Marja’ Taqlid,” edited by Linda S. Walbridge. Oxford University Press, 2001.
- Achieving a better balance in my play-play-play-play-work life. Honestly, it’s been going on for too long.
In 2010 a single huia feather sold at auction for $8400.
Congrats Laura keep up the great work!
I still wonder if anyone will want to read this grief book when it is published. It is so intensely personal. And painful. Yet people who have read my blog posts about grief have found some comfort in them, so perhaps this book will serve the same function. Even if no one is interested in reading my daily struggles to come to terms with the death of my mate of thirty-four years, the book is important to me. It’s a way of binding my grief into a neat bundle so I can get on with my life, though I have been told one never truly gets over such a loss. But we do survive, and that is ultimately what my book is about — surviving grief.
Cook for 12 to 15 minutes or until the potatoes are completely cooked and tender. Drain the potatoes and immediately return to the warm stock pot.
Many of you read and commented on my last post where I had a fitty fit when S decided he was going to take a risk that I didn't feel was worth it. Well.... here is what happened...
For this card I used Spellbinders S5-088 Sewing Elements (which is one of Nina's designs!) as well as Labels Four. The Crafter's Meow has this adorable set called Sew Lovely that Nina made to fit right inside Labels Four. And, I just happend to have recently got this very cool paper from one of my new fave paper companies called Kesi' Art. Match made in heaven! The rose trim and pearls are from Want2Scrap.
Pornography is masturbation’s best friend.
Pseudo-Chrys.: Or, by the hedge understand the protection of the holy fathers, who were set as a wall round the people of Israel.
“It wasn’t your fault. You—. I—. Damn. Shelby, I’ve—.”
The anticipated debut single from emerging gospel artist Janice Gaines, titled “One Day,” heads to radio and online outlets today, and is currently streaming online at OneDayMusic.com. The single will be available for download on iTunes and Amazon.com on May 15, 2012.
The Conduit
The day started going down hill though, my mom had a rash, that kept getting worse, come to find out she had something that had some mushrooms in it, which she is allergic too. Somehow this wasn't on her chart, so they didn't know (GRRR) she was allergic. Thank goodness it isn't a life threatening allergy! They had been trying to treat it, but nothing was helping, so they decided she needed to go to the hospital. She has been there since Tues afternoon and is scheduled to be released today. The good is they changed the meds and the rash seems to be getting better, the bad, her blood pressure has been crazy high (which she has a problem for and is on meds) so they had a heart dr come in as well. They put a monitor on (she has issues with AFIB and in general caused the strokes in March) to keep a check, did an Echo etc, came back fine.
Maybe it could make you smile - if you're in the market for a tree-change, let me know!
Quieter
Tanner is having a blast and getting worn out by Corbs who runs up to him and scares him forcing Tanner to run ahead. I may have lost them forever! But, the kids are (they are currently out there somewhere) begging for McDonalds. Civilization!
“But now that there is no more place for me to work in these regions, and since I have been longing for many years to see you, I plan to do so when I go to Spain. I hope to visit you while passing through and to have you assist me on my journey there, after I have enjoyed your company for a while” (Romans 15:23-24).
A set of Victorian curtain rods. I'm going to try to put them in my studio. If they don't work, they may end up in my Etsy shop. I've always wanted some of these and the chippy white with the gold peeking through just called my name.
2010.09.18 Iran Iranshahr 1 0 Jundallah (Soldiers of God) kidnap a civilian and kill him during a rescue attempt.
So where does this leave me with the challenge?
She is VERY social. Loves to be with company and could party all the time!
I'm extremely picky when it comes to bags and footwear. Which means it sometimes takes me months and even a year before I find something that I like enough to buy. Which is also why I haven't bought a new bag even if the one I'm using is getting worse off by the day. But I have finally found The Bag. Has anyone found a cheaper replica of this designer hottie??
--- On Wed, 1/7/09, The Dean wrote:
Come and behold Him,
If you need some inspiration to get you going, our design team and guest DT should be able to help:
By now, four months into Crossfitting, I've managed to hone a very serviceable system that keeps my muffin top fully and reliably covered through overhead weighted walking lunges, scaled handstand pushups, and sledgehammer swings. My method also happens to be exceedingly comfortable!
I was struggling with pain in my lower back and started going to the doctors. My GP kept giving me various painkillers and anti-inflammatorys including Tramadol and Diazepam. Nothing worked though. I had blood tests every few weeks as my ESR and CRP markers were up. I had an X-Ray on my spine and it was noted that the discs at the base of my spine had started to wear down. It took them three months to refer me to see a specialist as they didn’t know what the problem was, all I kept hearing was “there’s something up, but we don’t know what it is,” very reassuring.
Julian is nervous as he clears his throat. His Adam’s apple protruded before it settled remotely back in place. “I wasn’t supposed to have said nothing,” he confessed. A hint of regret lingered in his usually soft-spoken voice.
1 cup double cream (normal single heavy cream is fine)
ND - I think it’s a very fair point but the reality is that the SPL’s rules have been pretty consistent with both the English Football League and the English Premier League on which they were based back in 1998 and it’s actually the SFL which is slightly out of step with the majority of UK football.
Nobody wants to imagine their child missing or even
Until then, it's parade day! I promise not to get too happy, so that I can finish knitting tonight. Montreal has the second oldest Saint Patrick's Day parade (after NYC, of course) in all of North America; this year's is the 189th edition. I was in/on a float one year (college float - any and all alumni were invited!), but I still can't decide if it's better to be a participant or a spectator.
Another things is that, you might have not receive enough love, affections, care, tenderness or provisions from parents or authority figures during your childhood, or they didn’t speak enough into your live to build you up, Eg: You are precious, you have potential, you are worthy, you can do it, you are able, you can be a great blessings to our community or people around you in one way or another, though we all have different gifts, personalities and ways of things we do, and another like “you are unique”, ‘you are unconditionally loved”, “I love you”, “you are handsome/ beautiful”, “you are beautiful”, “you are such a blessing to us”.
So here I sit, stewing in my sin. I’m angry with myself for even thinking that I could fix the things in my life that need fixing, but that only God can truly fix. I’m a sinner in need of forgiveness. Nothing about that has changed since yesterday, but today I’m totally and utterly aware of that fact. You know, saying “I’m a sinner” is easy when you talk about things like being frustrated with a family member, or needing to get control of your tongue, or something like that. But when I sit here, face to face, with a sin that goes to my core, it’s a very stinging, bitter moment. So what can I do? Only one thing – suck it up, and go to GOD, yes, the REAL GOD, the ONE AND ONLY GOD, with a heavy heart, and ask HIM to forgive me.
Our people are defined by a few basic characteristics and have willingness to take on challenges and explore new ideas. They have the drive to excel and the determination to perform their best. Advanced approaches to the clients’ special construction needs in order to find unique and environment- friendly constructive solutions. Company’s entrepreneurial spirit and consumer-driven determination helps it to respond successfully to new opportunities and consistently improve its methods, resulting in groundbreaking results and recommendations from our clients.
I got a random very plain email this morning from purebloggers.com telling me someone recommended my blog to their site & if I wanted more readers I should join.
Growing up, I was all about the stuffed animal toy. Bears, koalas, baby seals, Hello Kitty...all types of plush toys and never a doll. I know some of you LOVE dolls and may think bundt is cute, but it was totally frightening for me to make. So scary, I knew I couldn't do it alone! I invited my friend JustJenn over for moral and piping support.
Later, we might like to commit the money we save on construction to buying a church kitset for an African parish, or sending them to places that have been hit by natural disasters.
I wish someone used some common sense before expanding the definition of illegal content. Someone probably re-read the CoC over the weekend and saw “phone number” mentioned, so all phone numbers are now banned. Even though, it’s a hell of a lot easier to blindly ban all phone numbers than to use your brain to differentiate between advertising and personal information that doesn’t mean it’s the correct approach. Hopefully this will all blow over in a few days, but I doubt it.
Unfortunately I must admit, if it has been 'massacred' with some software, that rapidly takes away ALL emotions except, GGGGRRRRRR.
Valspar Kitchen and Bath Enamel
Number of South Koreans in PH exceeds Seoul population;
The next step in my journey to learn about dirt was at an organic soil prep workshop. One of the first things that the Master Gardener made us understand is that grass is persistent. Unless you completely pull up ALL of the roots, you will not get rid of it and it will grow back. This is why when you compost grass, it should only be grass clippings and not roots: you don't want your compost bin or where you incorporate your compost to start sprouting grass. The areas that are going to be dug up in our yard won't be terribly deep, so we figured that unless we spend A LOT of time sifting that dirt it won't be terribly useful thanks to that persistent grass.
I think that made an impression on the landlord. Hence all the work that's going into this place.
Parents love their children and do the best we can to make sure they are happy and healthy!
Sweep my legs.
The author portrays the believable characters as complex and knowledgeable in their various professional fields, specifically Glyn’s scientific background and Kath’s sister, Elaine, a highly accomplished and sought-after gardening specialist. Beyond relatives are others who have been touched by this charming woman who appears so casual and carefree, yet who needs what others seem incapable of giving.
~ Sam Levenson
**Limited Quantities Available**
Paper and cardstock - Dovecraft and Hobbycraft
Jae nudges me.
In Frank Cottrell Boyce’s ‘Chitty Chitty Bang Bang Flies Again’ – the original Chitty’s engine is reassembled (without the family’s knowledge) inside a camper van. So when they set off, their trip around the world is like no other.
I found these were the thoughts I brought along
I think it’s the tedium that gets to them.
I am 2 episodes behind watching the latest episode of Mad Men, but today is not the day to catch up on my TV. I had to leave the house to get anything done. I packed my laptop, screen filter, adaptor and all the paper docs I might possibly need. I brought along name cards, you know, just in case. I like to hear to the soft conversations and that occasional mobile ring across the cafe as I type along. It is very comforting to feel like I am still connected to the outside, even though I am deeply engaged to the virtual social world loading on my laptop. And then I felt the need to do a blog post.
“No you won’t,” Ariela was still as calm as if she was visiting with friends about the weather. “You may die trying, but you won’t kill me.”
a funny thing happened on the way to the bahamas...
120 g light browned butter
i’m not certain if i’m worthy to keep you (because i don’t know how to, either) but i’m certain that i can’t (so i won’t) let go.
Compression stockings rock.. NO swelling!
*****Dance Magic has not actually left our world, he has just moved to one of our partnering bars .9 miles away, this was a joke that we decided upon last week so don't get sad!!****
While she drank wine out of a coffee cup
turned over to the scholars.
And humankind, he can but shun
I will be posting more on the helps that ACV had done for me, personally. I've done a ton of research and everything I have read, confirms it's health benefits.
But that’s for another post. Right now, let’s just take one quick glimpse at the Psychology Today piece, by a woman named Susan Newman, who writes:
GMO crops also offer a number of advantages for modern agriculture. Crops resistant to specific herbicides, like glyphosate, can be grown weed-free by spraying the entire field. Weeds are killed, but the crop is not damaged. Glyphosate-resistant crops are often known as “Roundup Ready.” The use of genetically modified crops can reduce the need for mechanical cultivation, saving labor, fuel, and soil moisture by employing no-till practices. Also, GMO crop plantings often reduce the need for insecticides such as clothianidin. In today’s photo greater white-fronted geese, “specklebellies,” wintering in the Arkansas Delta, forage in a harvested soybean field. The Delta is seeing increased numbers of migratory waterfowl.
I approach my yoga classes with strong intention: To take a full hour to quiet my mind and strengthen my body and soul. I walk in, turn off my phone and step onto the mat knowing I will focus only on my own well being for the duration of the class. I always leave a class feeling refreshed and calm which is the state I wish I could enjoy more often than I do these days. Much like life in general, I have a deep respect for yoga even though I am still a beginning student even after over a decade of attending classes. Even though I have a strong desire to dive deeper and study the roots of yoga, I seem to stay at the surface of the practice and enjoy the shallow benefits that I can feel within a one hour class.
Why do the media treat religion with such contempt? If reporters don’t believe in God then that’s fine by me, but the contempt they report on religion with is saddening.
Do you guys have any funny gym tales? Homeless people allowed to loiter in the gym’s massage chair? Guys using the squat rack for bicep curls? Leave a comment below!
For a laugh, Andi takes a photograph of George wearing the shorts and posts the pic on her blog.
It’s as simple as that. The pledge does give me a lot of latitude—anywhere from continuing on with this blog to telling a stranger about a great book I read. Does it mean I’ll be writing a book soon? It’s too early to tell. In the meantime I’ll go back to my investigative work: researching, reading, experimenting and evaluating the topics and tools we can all use to be happy. From there, I’ll leave the results up to the creation universe and see where it takes me.
I have been feeling pretty good lately. I am nearing the end of my third week of working out and it feels really good to be active again. I think without exercising, those dreaded baby blues would creep in. For the most part, I don't think I am having much, if any, post-partum depression. There are times when I still struggle with things, especially when I hear about other people losing their babies or about little ones that are sick. But, I think that is to be expected. I think when you lose a child, hearing about others who are facing the same thing affects you differently than it does if you haven't suffered a loss.
We are still working on finishing a few details in this room, window treatments, pillows and a couple of other things, but you can bet I'll be sharing the full "after" once it is done, so stay tuned!
Line a baking sheet with parchment. If you are going to bake immediately, preheat the oven to 325F/160C.
Let me start off by saying, I always knew I was destined for greatness. When I was younger I used to tell my parents whenever we’d be watching whatever awards show that I was going to win that Grammy/Oscar/Emmy/whatever one day. If we were watching sports, I’d proclaim I was going to win the gold medal in whatever Olympic event was on. Sometimes I still believe I could win whatever reality show I happen to be watching at the time (I’m looking at you $1 million on Amazing Race and mirror ball trophy on Dancing with the Stars).
After a quick inventory of the men’s backpacks, Xu Guan decided it would be best to vacate the area. In his mind, there would likely be more men on the heels of the recently dead when they didn’t return. Killing four men had not been easy. Xu Guan had no desire to attempt to take on more. Any men who followed the ones now lying on the ground would be more alert and less likely to suffer from the same overconfidence that had ultimately been the undoing of these four men.
Disc 1 (61:11):
We’ll be back soon for more Disney-eating adventures… here’s hoping you enjoyed tagging along for this trip…
Come on, I know you can do it. I have faith in you. First, let’s talk about what’s definitely NOT true. You are NOT stupid.
I have made a front fly (which came out backwards, but ah, well)
Fridays - Challenge closes - approx 6.00pm Australian Time
5 Drawings of façade improvements, including samples of proposed materials,
More than a dozen top blogs, including Mashable, The Official Google Blog, TMZ,
Bobby Jo has her wonderful give away but I also have a giveaway for today. Become a follower of my blog and leave me a comment.. You must be a US resident and make sure you check back on March 16 when I pick the winner.
Welcome to my wee photoblog on Glasgow, where we feature the joys and unjoys of walking and cycling through a fascinating, beautiful and often badly run city. For the blog's origin and a a list of all posts see the 'Introduction' post -
Jung’s essay On the Relation of Analytical Psychology to Poetry can be found in The Portable Jung edited by Joseph Campbell published by Penguin Books or in The Spirit of Man, Art, and Literature. The Collected Works of C.G. Jung, Vol. 15 Princeton University Press.
Everyone rests in peace together, safe in sure knowledge that those who would harm are neutralised by my attentions. Light and gentle, I rub my magic across the chest, back and shoulders of each, virtuous and evil alike. They're all reunited here in innocence, at Ruby's Chapel of Rest and Funeral Home.
Ever since I was a little girl, books have been some of my best friends. If you could see my bedroom you would see that I am constantly surrounded by many, many friends. I even take them places with me (which is why I carry such large bags). Each one hold special memories for me and each has impacted me in a different and equally special way.
b) You're posing a question. Making them think you give a shit about what's coming out of her mouth. Therefore letting their guard down from your scummy tactics.
It's said that the happiest in Gable's life was during his marriage to Carole Lombard, together they were a force to be reckoned with.. he provided her with the stability she needed ad he thrived from being around her frank, youthful and energetic persona. After 3 years of happily married life, Lombard was killed in an aeroplane accident, leaving Gable in a state of shock and isolation, he retreated to their shared home to mourn. Although at home he had broken down, he managed to maintain professionalism on set and kept his unruly drinking habits and breakdowns for away from the spotlight. After the war Gable started a production company with Jane Russell and her husband and slowly became frustrated by the lack of decent roles presented to him by MGM... several years later he sadly passed away from a heart attack.
I bake.(Though I'm getting worse at it with every passing day)
Two and a half weeks ago the title race was effectively over because United raced eight points into the lead following City’s defeat to Arsenal and it looked like the Premier trophy was on its way to Old Trafford once again.
Asked a concerned Kelly.
ran after him only to give him a peck on the cheek in return.
I started writing my new novel a couple of nights ago. After almost a year of tweaking my finished novels, entering contests, critiquing and being critiqued, I wasn’t certain I’d ever be able to get back into writing again. But, according to Suzanne Francis, author of Heart of Hythea: “Writing is like riding a bike. When you fall off it hurts . . . No. Wait! I meant — you never forget how to do it!”
From the article the suspected reasons are anything from too much paperwork to not enough reimbursement from Medicare patients. I’m sure depending on your political swing you could try to make a compelling argument that it’s the “new healthcare laws” creating the bureaucracy to scare doctors away (or high taxes against those poor, poor doctors) or as stated bluntly in the article that the lack of a single payer healthcare system places the burden of care on patients’ and on doctors’ shoulders entirely.
I have been working on making prints available of my paintings,,,what an ordeal !!!
trying to jump on the chair to sniff at the kiddie snacks in my purse.
As I slowly continue my research in may spare time, I would love to know more about the goals, values and particularly the driving beliefs and assumptions of the Indonesian English-language schools and the “gifted” programs in New York and elsewhere in which a subset of the population is given a special type of academic training that most of the society does not receive. Of course, these would not be the only schools embedded in a system of indirect or unintended consequences.
While it may take a leap of faith for many readers of this blog to believe that the Greater Hyannis Civic Association might actually be able to deliver on the promise of cleaning up the neighborhoods of Hyannis, I plan to give them the benefit of the doubt. More, I'm going to try to help them pull this one out of the hat.
Each fall is better than the last. We're a little wiser, a little more cultured and a little more ready to invest in some yummy staples for our wardrobes. As we enter into this season with bliss, let's examine a few new trends that are catching our eye.
Flaring on Saxa.”
La base di questa card è un cardstock Kraft che ho stampato con il Versamark e un timbro Background della Whiff of Joy..... l'effetto è molto naturale e delicato!! Ho poi giocato con gli strass posizionandoli qua e la.
It will be no surprise to hear that one year later I returned to Crete to stock up on my supplies- and I actively encourage other family member to visit Greece (with my shopping list) in order to satisfy my passion.
Twenty-four hours later and Senna accelerated away but Prost got the better start and took the lead. Senna looked for a gap on the inside of the first corner that disappeared quickly. Contact was inevitable and the McLaren and Ferrari disappeared into a cloud of dust. The outcome of the 1990 FIA Formula One World Championship had been decided in a matter of seconds in such sad and distasteful circumstances. It was a second title for Senna but bittersweet. Only at the same event a year later, with Balestre gone and replaced by Max Mosley did Senna admit that he deliberately ran Prost off the road in 1990. His will and desire to win couldn’t be faulted but in attempting to knock another car out on purpose was a hideous crime, which on a normal UK road would land you with at least a driving ban and possibly a jail sentence.
There is a lot of excitement in our house with only 3 sleeps to go so I am going to sign off with sweet wishes to you all for a wonderful Christmas celebration with your family.
Nayuleska's reasons for loving Niffy...she gets as hyper as I do on coffee, she loves cakes & sweets as much as I do. She is a mastermind for tricks, which are really clever and funny in this & previous books.
Well, off to catch up on emails... okay, who am I kidding... I'm going to read some, promise mentally to reply, and then fall into bed anyway.
Here is what Randy Ingermanson says about them:
Democracy meant the madness of crowds: bloody, tumultuous and untenable. “There was never a democracy that didn’t commit suicide,” wrote Adams; Hamilton justified the system of checks and balances by insisting that it was necessary to create a permanent body of the “rich and well-born” to check the “imprudence” of democracy, or even that limited form that would be allowed in the lower house of representatives.
Christine Lahti (Swing Shift)
the inner qualities of heart and mind.
He worked on legal reform and wrote “Principles of Morals and Legislation” 1789.
strawberry shortcakes
"Think Jensen Ackles or Jared Padelecki, with a really, really, really dark tan - (yes, my hubby knows I've got a thing for the Supernatural hunks!) - well, maybe more gray and black than tan, but you get the idea."
They are typically under $8 a pop, I know my CVS and Walgreens is running all Revlon products BOGO 50%! Throw in a coupon and you've got a great deal on a great product.
that these footprints
So, Stephanie and I had been laboring all morning, separated like we each were in solitary. If we absolutely had to communicate, it was by shouting at each other up and down the stairwell.
This came as absolutely no surprise to me. As with most taxes that are “designed to target the rich” they do no such thing and the “alternative minimum tax” is no different
Raisins (Handful)
Enteroviruses commonly infect the gastrointestinal tract, and replication of enteroviruses has been well documented in the Peyer patches of the small bowel.
But first, a disclaimer: Correct contact is still a mystical concept that I am beginning to understand, but I may talk out of my arse until I fully do. This means possible incorrect terminology, etc. You've been warned.
Anyone out there have a quick and easy weekend organizing project ahead of them? How about a major overhaul happening? It sure would be fun to share some weekend warrior type stuff with the readers on Monday morning!
If you need to, secure the foam in the container with a piece of floarl tape. If you don't have any one hand scotch tape works just as well. THis is especially helpful for shallow containers or ones with a rounded bottom.
I had some errands to do today. Banking, groceries, pick up some office supplies (which I forgot my list at home, so need to go back). And lastly brought Kristy to her boyfriends house.
At left is The Sacrifice of Isaac by Mantegna, which I loved. The whiteness and statue-like quality of the painting was new to me, and the whole composition so complete in its portrayal of the event, and with beautifully "carved" figures. The little ram presenting itself, God's hand presenting it....
But then I wouldn’t have something interesting to tell you about my eclectic adventures.
However, no matter what security firms and Google do to make Android a safer place to be, the end user has the final say as to how safe their system is: “Security technology can go some way to keeping you secure as a user, but if you chose to do inadvisable things, then you increase your level of risk. There is no silver bullet.”
Ha!, little did she know just how far away from milky drinks my plans were. I can report it does an excellent job.
I have no idea where I was going with this, as is often the case when I attempt to wax eloquent.
My triplet nieces and nephew were celebrating their 12th birthday a couple weeks ago and I offered to make the cupcakes. My mother bought me a cupcake book that had this idea in it (the reason she bought the book) and I just had to make them!!! The book is called "Cupcakes, Cookies and Pie, Oh My!!" it is filled with awesome ideas that I can't wait to try!
5:30pm: Putting groceries away
so do not despise the discipline of the Almighty.” – Job 5:4-17 NIV
Set a heatproof bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Put the butter in the bowl, top with the chopped chocolate and stir occasionally until the ingredients are just melted - you don't want them to get so hot that the butter separates. Remove the bowl from the pan of water.
This is, more or less, the text for my panel presentation on Saturday at the AHA. I’ve changed it a bit from the description that I submitted. But, what are you going to do? These things happen in an intervening year! It’s a busy conference for me this year. Tomorrow, an hour after I’m scheduled to land, THATCamp AHA kicks off. That should be tons of fun. Then, on Friday I’m chairing a panel on legislating the subaltern in the modern Andes. Tons of friends on the panel, and the papers look to be fantastic. Plus, I’m presenting Friday evening as the CLAH Teaching Committee roundtable on using Omeka and Zotero for student projects in undergrad classes on Latin American History. There are massive technical hurdles for that one, and I have no idea if I’ll be able to make it a worthwhile 90min. It might be very short! Then, Saturday morning I’m giving this paper. I can’t wait to get a chance on the plane tomorrow morning, flying to Chicago, to take a look at the program and see what else I want to attend. It’ll be hard choosing between Latin American history panels, and digital history panels I’m sure.
Laurent Debout, Renault Sport F1 team support leader: There is nothing else to say but a huge congratulations to Pastor and the entire Williams team. Pastor drove a fantastic race to score his first win in F1, fully deserved. We are really proud to have contributed to helping the team score its first win since 2004 and the first Williams-Renault win since the 1997 season. What a feeling to deliver on the speed and performance we have shown since the start of the year.
Sullivan was born in Louisville, KY. His father was a sportswriter for the Louisville Courier-Journal. In his first book (Blood Horses), he recalls moving from Louisville to Columbus, Ohio, when he was twelve; in his new one, he says he grew up in southern Indiana, not too far from where Axl and Michael grew up. He attended the University of the South at Sewanee, Tennessee, and now lives in Wilmington, N.C. with his family. Currently the (first) Southern editor for the Paris Review, Sullivan was previously an editor at the Oxford American magazine and has written for Harper’s and GQ.
Oh, that? It’s nothing. Not contagious. –Augusten Burroughs
Sunday’s Budweiser commercial about the end of Prohibition reminded me of my dad’s stories about the day legal beer arrived in his neighborhood. This is especially pertinent since he grew up in Budweiser’s hometown of St. Louis, at 5622 Roosevelt Place, a neighborhood called Wells-Goodfellow today. Dad was 13 when Prohibition ended in December, 1933.
This was probably one of his worst dances. He had some hip action, but no technique. He was just kind of throwing himself around the floor.
He said this was the most important thing.
To practice and learn how to colour like thee....
12 eggs
I also love the TJ’s fingerling potatoes or “tiny potatoes,” roasted with a little olive oil, garlic and sea salt. If you have cravings for french fries, roasted potatoes are a great, clean french fry fix.
Terrible the Telling
Our peonies are hardly even showing just now but there are many buds along with a sundry of stirrings through the delicate detritus that makes up the garden carpet. You will not find me out there digging or tidying anything up for awhile . . . just in case there are butterflies in process.
Jose Cruz was pulled over Monday night on Route 60 in South Charleston for driving with his headlights off. He was subsequently arrested after failing a series of sobriety tests.
This is where the human male often comes unstuck. His natural instinct is to give a woman what a female gorilla wants and leave it at that. The problem is that most women need to be in the right frame of mind before they are ready to play the part of Mrs Gorilla. And getting them into a suitable mental state requires patience, attentiveness and the ability to express an apt sentiment at the correct moment. It follows that men who have these skills are highly prized – and often adored – by the gentler sex. The most famous historical example is probably Casanova, but unfortunately we have no record of what the great Chevalier actually said to his paramours. The man whose technique I admire the most is Butch Cassidy, as played by the smooth-talking Paul Newman.
1 tsp fennel seed(do not leave out)
4) Purge: Amy says that a good look at the items in your closet could help to put your spending practices into perspective. Plus, if you haven’t worn something in a year, then chances are you’re not going to. Donate it to go Goodwill where it will resurface in the reuse market.
But, we rarely plan for anything off our 40 acres.
But what is not so easy... is missing my sister and her family.
Forgive us our sins, as we forgive those who sin against us
“Mama! When we go have turkey at de people’s house, dey have pie too, right?!”
A year later I think it's fair to say that Ruby's transition to a pampered life with a pair of besotted humans has gone smoothly. She remains a quiet girl who rarely barks and only occasionally whines. Moose sometimes supposes this behavior is a result of neglect and isolation in her early life. Poor Ruby never learned she could use her voice to command humans and order her world. That, of course, is one reason we've heard relatively little from her here on the blog. In other respects, though, Ruby is remarkably transformed from the skinny critter she was a year ago. Daily exercise and a better diet have bulked her up considerably. Her paw pads, which were soft as a baby's behind when she arrived in Roxie's World, are now thick with callouses. She enjoys walks, but the concept of play is still something of a mystery to her. Unlike me, she won't hang out in the yard by herself for extended periods of time, chasing squirrels, digging holes, and woofing at anything that moves. In the company of a human, however, she will race from one end of the ridiculously large backyard to the other in crazy figure 8s. Moose is trying to capture this delightful activity on film for the pleasure of my readers. Stay tuned.
Truthfully, I just had this story ... and it started as just something for me, totally organic, unpretentious, I never dreamt of being published and THE MILESTONE TAPES very well could have died on my computer as nothing more than a personal exercise.
xxoo Alice
The US and UK, or Greece). Other countries (eg. China or Germany) indulged them by lending enormous amounts. In the meantime, investors convinced themselves that the apparent economic growth fuelled by this debt was genuine rather than an artificial …
happy friday. have a happy, wonderful weekend.
As soon as my son fell asleep I was angry all over again and when I saw a canvas in the closet I started painting. It was hard to do lettering with shaky hands but I managed and it felt good to acknoweledge my anger. If I write an angry letter or pick up the phone to scream into it nothing good will come out of it. I have to walk a fine line to avoid upsetting the person who constantly upsets me. He has just stopped paying if I make him mad before, twice in December. Happy fucking holidays.
A girl that has half her heart in the South and half in New York
The thrice-yearly school census, the details of which are specified in regulations, will continue to hoover personal data from school management systems about every state-funded school pupil and dump it on the National Pupil Database. This is a permanent data collection that includes information about behaviour and attendance. Exclusions for bullying, substance misuse and sexual misconduct each have their own codes, forming a permanent record of offences that were probably committed in the view of a headteacher- because the test for excluding a pupil is that the alleged behaviour occurred ‘on a balance of probabilities’.
Perhaps we need to reawaken the ancient Greek democratic model.
I wrote in my previous article that the current Browns front office had never taken a quarterback in the first round of a draft, and I believed that streak would continue with our second first round pick at 22. I was aware of the Browns interest in Oklahoma State quarterback Brandon Weeden, but I believed if he was taken, it would have been with the Browns second round pick at 37. Some speculated he would still be available, but with Brandon being the next best quarterback on the board, and the NFL being a quarterback driven league, the Browns did not want to risk losing him.
Well--wait, no--actually my first exposure to Small was seeing a low-budge video on the local access or university channel while at my grandmother's house in Raleigh, and I'm looking for that video on YouTube sans success. I recall it was a music video show, though I don't remember the name. I do, however, remember the following show was called "Club Mix" and a cheap Waterlilies promo canned my attention from there. Weird I can remember that bit of it. Any help, folks?
Sleeper Agent – Proper Taste (Mom + Pop)
and talking about trying out something new...I have been trying out something new too,lol.
Those that had woken up to the impending disaster provided the British National Party with a rock solid vote, once again. We thank you all for your foresight!
Elaine
Source: SBD
Schedule: Mon-Fri/Nigh time block
God gives enough time for conviction and knows when the time is right. It took those who demanded the death of Christ 40 days to be ready for the day of Pentecost. Then at Pentecost when the twelve apostles preached, many were ready to receive and in Acts 2:41, “there were added unto them about three thousand souls.”
Like resignation to the end, always the end
ears with them. Fast through a hazy residue of loss and despair,
In the light of the above findings and circumstances, this Office is of opinion, and so holds that the dismissal of the appeal of Felipe Eco is perfectly in order. This is because of his adamant stand (not) to submit to the formal investigation duly ordered by this Office. A clear indication of this attitude is shown by his failure to appear at the investigation on May 2, 1957, when he was duly notified thereof thru his counsel.
Consequently, it was God’s goodness that prompted Him to leave us this most precious jewel of His Body and Blood. With It, He has enriched and decorated His Church. In this Sacrament He remains with His Church to comfort her in tribulations, do defend her in time of danger, to encourage her for all good works, to enlarge her good desires, to make her burn with love for heavenly things, to make her disdain the things of the world, to incorporate her with Himself, to make her share in the sufferings and merits of His Passion, and to give her a sure pledge of eternal life.
The best reaction so far to this entire thing was from a little boy in my neighborhood. My mom was talking to his mom about the entire trip, and she mentioned the forty one pairs of flip-flops.
2 pas
At 12, Powell had her career taken over by a local promoter, Carl Werner, who helped her get selected as the Oregon Victory Girl. She traveled around the state for two years, singing and selling victory bonds. It was during this time that she first met Lana Turner. Powell presented her with flowers and sang for her. Years later, when they met again at MGM, Turner did not remember her. According to Powell, even after meeting her many times, Turner never remembered who she was.[2]
Deft pop culture parodies, and clever side characters, mean nothing if the core of your show doesn’t resonate. Just as with the early seasons of The Simpsons, and just as with Spaced, Community knows how to balance all that wackiness with characters that have an emotional core. The characters on Community are able to be broad parody one minute, but can make us care about them the next. Sometimes the crossover between the two is rocky, and sometimes it doesn’t work, but not enough shows understand the importance of the humanity inside of those big laughs. 30 Rock is a perfect example of a show that makes us laugh but can’t figure out how to make us care about its character’s lives. Think back to all those ‘Jack Donaghy dates Famous Actress In Extended Cameo’ scenes that you’ve tuned out during.
Time of Day: Morning, Sunrise
(Link to video) For the last installment of my Shanghai series, I'd like to share this video, about a memorable day spent with the art students of the Shanghai American School.
Transaction Binding=Explicit Unbind;
With other formats, all you get is black and white reproduction and a limited selection of uninspiring typefaces. Once again, the presentation is about practicality and readability, less about look and feel and emotional involvement.
But I sit here and try to put the events of tonight in some sort of logical order or even coherent sentences and I got nothing. It's all just a mish-mash in my head right now.
So there we were. We'll call him "Bill"...looking over Cedar. It was a beautiful night. Bill goes to kiss me, and I completely turn away. First mistake-misleading. This will lead to upsetting the boy and lots of awkwardness.
Hello everyone...another week has flown by! We have our new challenge up and running for the Copic/Promarker group at The Outlawz. This week we'd like you to make a project that's inspired by a Book, Movie or Song...lots of ways to interpret this, so come on over and play along with us, we'd love to see what you come up with.
See, it's all punk rock in the end.
Upon leaving church, I headed off to pamper myself some more. I treated myself to lunch at Potbelly's and sat and read while waiting until it was time for my hair appointment. I don't know why anyone is afraid to eat alone. It's always interesting to people-watch or hang out and read a book. I only got o hang for about twenty minutes and then walked over to Identity to get my hair cut. My friend Chelsea has done my hair for years now, and I have never had a complaint. Granted there have been times it's taken me a little while to get used to my hair, but that's because I did something new; not because she did a bad job. So if you're in the market for a new stylist, I would highly recommend.
Like proper teenagers, we fogged up the windows from the backseat. Then someone opened the door, and I saw Roommate, Counie and friends all standing there. I turned bright red. But there was no time to be mortified, it was four in the morning and time to go to the airport. The weekend was over.
Bonnie and her two children also live here in town. Occasionally she has to work on Saturdays for a while and Trayden and Ansleigh get to come over and spend some time with Mimi and Papa Ed. They will arrive early in the morning, before the sun is peeping over the horizon, and snuggle back into bed with me until Papa Ed cracks out the griddle and pretends he is the cook at IHOP.
She died at Kildare on February 1. Called “The Mary of the Gael”, she is buried at Downpatrick with St. Columba and St. Patrick, with whom she is the patron of Ireland. Her name is sometimes Bridget and Bride. Her feast day is February 1.
a) confirmed group (please note inevitably one or two will cancel, even if you notify a month or two ahead because it is the holiday season and well, that just happens anyways)
Then a thought breaks through my mental grey like a ray of sunshine on a cloudy day, “Would you dare to let me lead you one day at a time?”
71. Smoked pot? - Inhaling smoke just doesn't appeal to Asthma Girl. But I did get stoned one time at a post-theatre party in a small cottage where everyone else was smoking pot. After awhile of inhaling the secondhand smoke, I realized that fidgety me hadn't moved in a really long time. And that all the colors had gotten more brilliant. And that everything was so damn funny!!
I decided that I wanted to mark this remarkable evening with a painting about quantum physics – which somehow, ‘captured’ the insanity of a rather loud and amusing evening. It is also, I suppose, a small poke at ‘Abstractionism’.
This documentary details the root causes of the systemic value disorders and detrimental symptoms caused by our current established system. This video presentation advocates a new socio-economic system, which is updated to present-day knowledge, featuring the life-long work of Social Engineer, Futurist, Inventor and Industrial Designer Jacque Fresco, which he calls a Resource-Based Economy.
stand ... rather like someone going to the block in the
“Good. Now will you tell us the truth about finding this vehicle?”
Leviticus 19:27, for example, condemns haircuts and shaving. How many long-haired, bearded males attend your local Church? Or to put it another way, do we have agonised debates about Ministers who might have short hair?
The first wave, developed by Scotland Yard in the 1800s was the study of clues left by the criminal themselves, the second wave is the study of the crime itself. Whereas the “third” wave is the study of the criminal's psyche.
God, in His glorious grace, did not stop there. He granted us the gift of His Holy Spirit, so that the “burdens”, being the responsibilities that we are meant to manage, may be made bearable as we are equipped and empowered by Him.
Sveaborg was now a Russian fortress and its mission was to protect the waterways to St Petersburg, but during the first half of the nineteenth century, it was neglected. With the outbreak of the Crimean War, Russia attempted to bolster the islands' fortifications, but in August 1855 the Anglo-French fleet bombarded Sveaborg for two days before sailing off. Sveaborg was rebuilt and went through the rest of the century unscathed. The fortress was now a place where several cultures and religions mixed. A Russian Orthodox church and school were built, along with military hospitals and barracks.
Imports no longer will comprise the backbone of the list, bottle or draft. That time is now finished for me, as much as I hate to say it. My heart won’t change, but my head will. We took it as far as we could, when we could and rather than fight futile battles that cannot be won, we’ll take stock of reality and compete elsewhere.
The cake ended up tasting great, although the bottom layer became kind of soggy from the halved strawberries. Next time I'll try adding a thin layer of mousse before adding the strawberries, and hopefully that will protect the cake layer from getting too wet.
The Health Center Corridor along 1st Avenue between East 24th Street and East 34th Street.
30But God gave him back from the dead:
"Yeah." I nod. "You did house that!"
Greetings, tiny corner of cyberspace!
Buttermilk (1 cup) - 1 T vinegar or lemon juice and enough milk to make 1 cup (let it sit for a few minutes before using)
So! Congrats to Zhao Jia’s team – herself, Ah Le, Nat, Suu, Guan, Jin, Jiayi (Tan :D) – for putting up that awesome performance (I still haven’t got over your GPS aka Golden Piggy Ass #traumatisedforlife) yeah :D Even the ACS doods clapped for you and laughed at your jokes #accomplishmentunlocked Also, grats to Jasmine’s team – herself, Shing, Elame, Qhwee, Val, Alysia, Lydie- for getting to world finals! You put up a brilliant show and it was perfect – the recent script change did nothing to affect it-! Not to mention to BA-TUM-TSS scene change. I mean like, WHOA.
A device for carrying wool or similar material comprises a pair of tubes 1 secured together to form a cross about which the ball of wool is wound. Each of the four radial arms is provided with an extension member 2 having an enlarged head 3 and a split end 7 whereby the member 2 is fixed when set in position in the tube 1. The device may be attached by a chain 8 and a swivel fitting 9, 10 to a. wristlet 11.
Part eighteen
“I think so,” I say. I’ve never been a John before, or a Smith.
Ministry Official
Either in pain or thus in sympathy
On my Healing into Life blog, I recently posted a list of things to remember as I go through this incredible journey with Michael and the diagnosis of Mantle Cell Lymphoma that he has been given.
Be trusting. Place your confidence in the people you work with, and demonstrate that trust to them. Listen carefully to the thoughts and feelings that they express to you, without interrupting while they’re talking. Involve people in the decisions that affect them by: identifying who is responsible for each decision, working together to approve decisions, consult the people who will be directly affected by each decision, and informing the rest of the people on your team. Give other people the freedom to make the decisions they’re responsible for rather than trying to control them, and try not to override a decision that has already been made.
Poor me, she continued, because now how would I afford the extravagancies like shopping and sushi that she continued to enjoy on a weekly basis.
It may be assumed that caregivers care but outstanding caregivers demonstrate that in the quality of care they provide. They take the time to develop a relationship with their client and can then provide care with “caring”.
The reason why I have been away so long, is health wise.
This is the only one of Katherine’s books that starts in a supermarket car park in the rain, but strange things are happening the week before Halloween and it’s not long before our heroine Natalie is drawn into a sinister magical plot:
Those four-letter words stared at me and I stared back as my eyes slowly filled with fear.
When we arrived there were groups of people spread around the restaurant area and the bar was mostly full though it got much more crowded after 30 minutes. We did manage to find one seat and settled in to begin the event. Because the Phruit Phunk was listed as limited, I ordered a glass of it.. Any time something is limited at an event like this, it's a good idea to always start with it or else you'll miss out.
“Sal! There’s a kid in here, is he ours?” He yelled.
I honestly think the others had some kind of death wish. I'm just glad the all black cyclists were on the other side of the road so I didn't have to directly deal with them.
Earlier in the week I got dragged into a pub to watch the footie and 4 pints of Beck’s Vier set me back a tenner. A tenner for 4 pints? Good gods, what’s the world come to? No wonder pubs are going to the wall if they think a viable business is stinging me ten quid for 4 pints.
Janiel you’ve won a gift assortment valued at $28.00 from ABC Toys and Crafts!! Congratulations!! I will be contacting you shortly to get your ship to information.
Schmitt holds that the exception is a fact which recent liberal theorists ("liberal constitutionalists") have tried to wish away. He suggests that only some kind of metaphysical-historical commitment (I'm thinking this means a belief in Whiggish view of progress) would lead one to believe that the exception can be extinguished from governance.
Game balance may have to take a couple of blows to the face in 5th edition if Wizards of the Coast is serious about uniting fans of all editions and that's not necessarily a bad thing.
anxiety causes me to do irrational things. there is nothing obscene or illegal about this blog. if the cops knocked on my door about that person’s search leading to the blog, it would be regrettable, but it wouldn’t take long for them to realize what happened.
I was so glad that I found this short story as an e-book; it is a quick easy read. But also has the parallel’s to everyday life, as much of Martin’s work does. I think that what makes him a brilliant and intriguing writer is his ability to fashion imaginative stories from the everyday. His stories are enthralling, mystical and enchanting to read.
Estoppel, on the other hand, arises when an action of a patentee causes an accused infringer to believe that the patentee has abandoned any claim against him or will not take action. It may result when the patentee threatens to take action and then fails to follow up.
Her cutty sark (short shirt), o' Paisley harn,
A scone should be delicate and moist on the inside, speckled with sweet currants or other fruits and nuts, lightly sprinkled with sugar and baked to a light golden brown. It's even better served with clotted cream, jam and lemon curd.
Another god-send option is to sell your music via a music store such as iTunes. You can record your music in a studio or even at home and submit to an online store. Your monthly revenue is paid directly to your bank account.
It’s on the next album, “World War Five, Get Down Make Love,” which will be done in a few minutes.
Guess what appeared Monday.
Once the wall had been poured as high as ground level, the men had to pass the buckets of cement and the stones up to workers standing on scaffolding, to pour the next level.
Usually, I’d just post a bunch of pictures of myself, but I thought ahead to get permission to publish some photos of Wardrobe Remixers rocking the purple cardi instead.
DEARBORN, Mich. – A 12-year vision of expanded Michigan passenger rail options moved closer to reality on April 10 at a high-profile construction launch ceremony for the City of Dearborn’s new Intermodal Passenger Rail Station.
Taylor’s grin morphed to a scowl as he killed the engine. “Man, that’s a low blow, even for her. She knows what happened.”
I raced home, hoping to make it there before my parents.
Anyway, when the guys were building the addition onto the house, Russell and I would play outside. By this time he had a younger sister and she and our mothers would sit inside and do something. I don’t know what it was because I didn’t want to be stuck inside. Russell and I would chase each other around the house and up-and-down the street because this was back when you could play in the street and traffic watched-out for children. It was also the time when neighbors watched-out for kids as well and if you did something wrong they had every right to punish you just as your parents would and then tell your parents about it which usually got you punished again. Plus, our babysitter with the claw-foot tub lived just diagonally across the street from Russell’s house, so everyone knew we’d be safe.
Wish I had had Mad Dog Math way way back when mine were littles...WISH I could have had it myself. I can't tell you HOW terrible it was to struggle through those multiplication tables way back in third grade...It was awful.
Let me try to explain. The blurb leaves you wanting more and let me tell you it starts off with a bang. Straight into the action and story. I was excited and the book did move along very quickly however when I finished reading I was left thinking, ‘What?’ I felt like the whole book was really only the beginning of a book. With everything the blurb promised I was expecting more story.
Stay tuned for adventures of the world of Hurricane Riley. There are lots of adventures to share... potty training and hearing aids to name a few. See you tomorrow!
A lone buzzard soars above Badnage Wood - a distant mew then silence. A swallow swoops to catch a last insect. Somewhere over there - way over there - a tractor works on. These short nights of summer make for long working days and silage must be cut.
strange to us. When the tragedy of the October 1, 2010, bomb blasts occurred, they went to town with outlandish claims against the presidency that were unfounded and unsubstantiated”.
All of the students that wanted to get to the beach were not able to. Junior Brett Gilmartin said, “I really wanted to go to the beach. Who wouldn’t? I was stuck at school all day doing work for the Environment Club.”
Where: the deck!
By Sharon Page
Pesto Pasta~
I wonder how people find their life paths. How they know exactly what they want to do for the rest of their lives, and know what steps they have to take to achieve it.
It felt even better than the victory on Opening Day. Because it proved something. That first game was NOT a fluke. It was NOT an aberration. The Kid CAN do it. The team CAN do it.
I'm counting down the days until we will be walking down you again!
10. San Diego Museum of Man
Lucy raised the volume of her tantrum.
A brush with fate, when my rear slid aside,
-Add the ginger garlic paste,saute for a minute.Then add curry leaves,green chillies,curry leaves,coriander leaves/cilantro.
Transfer chilaquiles to a large platter.
- A photo builds a personal connection, you might call it a social appeal. It also allows people to make an association between an individuals name and face.
But nooo! You had to start some random arc with a whole bunch of random characters with random backstories and random superpowers and royally screw up the flow of the story!
#7 1987 Dino Napier EP Irvin 200 Meters 20.90
I've Been a Long Time Leaving (But I'll Be a Long Time Gone)
I am grateful for the time I was able to spend with my father, and for the realization that it wasn't enough, and for the changes that will help me make with my own children.
It took him a few days of visiting but eventually he signed and Mario Williams is a Buffalo Bill. The more time he spent there, the more I thought he wasn’t going to sign. Maybe he was acclimatising or maybe he was waiting for the offered money to rise. I sure wouldn’t say no to a guaranteed $50,000,000.00
The group, led by lead singer Debbie Harry and Guitarist Chris Stein, had a great deal of chart success in the late 1970's and early 1980's.
Last, I feathered in a hint of the R83 to his ears. I made sure his face was dry then I added the little pink cheeks by dabbing with the brush end straight up and down a few times until it pushed the darker colors out of the way. If you do this while the face is still wet you'll get softer cheeks.
For paint I just use kids paints; any kind. I used the ones that have a clear cover and have 36 little circles of watercolor, like this one. Any brand. I never use the white. I think these were $4-$5, but I used another week's Hobby Lobby coupon and got half off. Quite often they have a percentage off if you go to Hobby Lobby online.
454390 Other direct selling establishments (including door-to-door retailing, frozen food plan providers, party plan merchandisers, & coffee-break service providers)
When it comes to the pigmentation, Angel has the best of both worlds. Its pigmented but not too pigmented that you have to use a light hand when you apply it. I actually like that in a blush because that allows me to layer on the color without over doing it. Its better to apply a little at first and then go back and apply more if you feel like you need a little extra color on your cheeks.
Hello there!
Binary Domain is a third-person shooter from Sega. Created by Toshihiro Nagoshi, the producer of the excellent Yakuza series, it spins an interesting sci-fi tale about “Hollow Children” — robots designed to look like humans and programmed to believe they are human. Taking on the role of one Dan Marshall (not, sadly, the British developer of point-and-click adventure funfests Ben There, Dan That and Time Gentlemen, Please!), it’s up to the player to kick lots of robot bottom on the way to tracking down the supposed creator of these illegal, ethically questionable droids.
- Americans who purchase medicine with Health Savings Account or Flexible Savings Accounts will face new limitations.
Also noted as a reference to these hard working individuals (please note these figures are from the 2011 SBT article outlining them as well as old Corporal ranks)
Last weekend arrived with more grey skies and cold weather. The recent return to winter here has been decidedly unwelcome! To add to the general low mood, we spent most of the time curled up indoors with two very poorly girls. A venture out to Woodbridge on Saturday afternoon ended in a trip to the emergency doctor, after Tabitha suddenly developed a very painful ear ache. Sunday saw Zoe develop the ear infection too, so the early part of the week has not been great.
Actually the truth is the above is a yarn
2. Van Dyke Parks - Bing Crosby
I’ll touch base with evolution after the next part of the conversation.
One day at a time i can see you took my life this far
I would like to enter my card into the following challenges:
Unfortunately, as you can see, Gonz was missing most of the stickers that went with this adventure. Below is a closeup of the only one he had featuring Rom. Note Rom arrived in a spaceship and his rocket pack is missing, at least on this sticker.
Our conversation on the way to church last night:
“What missionary—?” Grayson caught himself. “No, she didn’t.” He shrugged him off. “I’m positive she was kidnapped. You just write it up and get it in the papers. I’ll contact the authorities. Valderas already has a three or four day head start on us.”
Taken from 'The Fame' (released January 2009)
The Angel sat and thought for a moment. Technically, the man did have a bad day. It was crime of passion.
Join C.J. Mills in The Honey Trap Files by clicking on the images below. All can be downloaded for PC/Kindle/PDF/Amazon/Other e-Readers.
"One of the main objectives of our tour is to have an exchange on labor issues here, and introduce the federation to the North American labor movement so we can support and show solidarity with your struggles. What is happening in Wisconsin and other parts of your country are opportunities that the U.S. working class should not miss" .This is the time, she added, to unite for dignified jobs and confront the attacks on collective bargaining rights.
North Coast Old Rasputin 6
indeed his condition is already deteriorating. My family has only recently lost my mother so this makes it very difficult for me not to be here for my father and family. You will have to forgive me but I have to tell you now so you can at least have time to inform all fans.
Anti-Semitic is your condition,
The simple reason is the new job started ‘proper’ about two odd weeks ago, first part of training done, now on to ‘shadowing’ which unfortunately is not as exciting as it sounds as well as dipping the toe into delivering training whilst being supervised.
Any questions please ask and bear with me if I'm a little late in replying as I'm spending more time at the sewing machine than the computer.
DO YOUR SISTER:
It is Saturday and my string of things not working continue. For what ever reason Skype has decided it is not going to work. Won't connect to the net. It stopped working after it insisted I upgrade. How many folks are sick of 'upgrades' that completely screw up a perfectly fine program? And my graphics on my computer are wonky.
And on the wet grey day that today has turned out to be I enjoyed playing around creating a seasonal background for them with our pumpkins waiting to be carved and a few faded blooms from the drippy garden............
The costume direction (by Jill Ohannesson) is just fine, sometimes boring, except for Nolan (see examples of his outfits here), who is the Hamptons version of Chuck Bass, extremely preppy and bold; and Ashley, played by Ashley Madekwe. Both are the most interesting characters of the series, in terms of fashion.
which revisits some of the themes that Conroy explored in previous books. Suicide, this time, the suicide of the main character, Leo's thirteen year old brother, is the framework in which Leo struggles to recover and begin again to led his life. Enter another set of twins to engage our sympathies. Reader's prejudices are challenged as we witness the transformation of a loutish high school bully into a football team mate and life-long friend. Leo's friends challenge the norms of the day. He forms an alliance with the first black coach. The coach's son learns to trust Leo and as co-captains, they lead their team to statewide victories. Surprisingly, the father in this novel is a warm, supportive and wise man. In previous novels, Conroy had explored his ambivalent love of his own abusive and dangerous father in his portrayals of fathers. As always, his characters are complex with both flaws and gifts with whom the reader can identify. Lush descriptions make you feel the humidity and smell the marches. The reader is invited to struggle with the great issue of one's faith as Leo plumb's the depths of despair and disbelief and returns to the church from which he ultimately draws comfort and strength.
Further to January Blues
Lopez said under Mexican law, the group can be held for up to 90 days while being investigated and could face fines on charges of illegal entry to Mexico and possible criminal charges for the fake identification. He said it was also possible they would be considered for asylum if they sought it.
Jaggery ¾ cup
Bad timing, then, to start in on a bowl of homemade potato chips, each the size of my face. Thankfully the chips weren't mercilessly salty like the shishitos, but they didn't help the cause either. With the chips were three very inspired dipping concoctions: smooth guacamole, vanilla bean-enhanced tomato ketchup and spicy blood orange and habanero ketchup. They all worked despite my skepticism of the vanilla ketchup. Wouldn't want a lot of the stuff but as a counterpoint to the others, I really liked it.
That’s why I encourage them to get to know Him. Perhaps with a sentence like “kids I’m doing my best to love you and help you grow, but some stuff is beyond my expertise and only your heavenly father is going to be able to fill in the gaps I can’t fill”.
So, on this Tacky Music Monday here are Mikhail Baryshnikov and our patron saint Liza Minnelli with their fabulously energetic version!
But it comes down to resources, and knowing where to look.
“And what about the cool t-shirt?”
More Black Bunny Fiber--this fabulous 50% Blue-faced Leicester/50% silk has been incredible to spin. Have you figured out that I'm a big BBF fan? Carol is one of the finest dyers, with great taste in fiber. You can't go wrong with her stuff.
I am just beginning to appreciate that as I age, I am becoming increasingly aware of my preferences as well as my non negotiables. Those things that I cannot, or will not settle without, as well as those that after years of trial and error I have grown to realize do not have a place in the contented niche I am steadily creating for myself.
I love my GP--she's unflappable, answers my panicky questions in a way that is both reassuring and not at all condescending, and doesn't give me unnecessary grief. She does, however, seem to consider herself a teaching doctor, so it is not unusual for there to be a med student or nurse-in-training trailing along or attempting, somewhat nervously, to take a medical history and listen to my pulse.
White bubble start forming almost immediately once you spread it out over your face. Here comes the fun part where you leave it alone and let it bubble. The next couple of photos will show you the chronological order of the bubbling.
As with all empires, these “means” have become increasingly violent and destructive in the face of resistance. Yet, only a few more dominoes are left to knock over for America to complete a plan set in motion well before they were one of the colonies. That is unless, of course, other world powers break ranks and attempt to stop the conquerors, which could lead to a large scale conflict.
11. The increasingly crowded arena for market space and consumer attention.
Let the awesomeness begin...
With cyberwar, just as in conventional war, there is no way to guarantee we will not be attacked, but we must prepare with the same commitment and zeal–because the consequences can be just, if not more, deadly.
There are lots of classes and events coming up this year in Australia From Brisbane to Perth, so for more info on upcoming classes please visit the Australian Copic Events listings here. I know that you will have a great experience taking a class from any of these fabulous ladies. There is so much great information available, and you can be assured that they are teaching the same official certification program that we have here in North America.
We LOVED Cabo! From what we saw of it anyway. We definitely want to go back, but at this point it would probably be at an all-inclusive type place. Which seemed to be all over! The weather was the best in Cabo too, so maybe that was part of our decision of why we liked it the best. It also seemed more modern, less street vendors and a lot cleaner than the other 2! Who knows though, since we really just saw the pier.
Sis- " honestly! I should have never involved you that's my wrong. what u did is sooo fucked up, I'll never understand it. now that she is ok with her job, nothing to talk about"
A cost-effective alternative to conventional laundry detergents can be made with the following ingredients:
Who is looking at who?
And they were attempting to take up headquarters in my body!
R. Chetwynd-Hayes -The Ghouls
and life goes on.
Yes, I am still using my Avène Gel démaquillant douceur with my Clarisonic. In spite of the fact I like my new Vichy 3 in 1 cleanser I find it difficult to break with old friends.
I recall when Americans in the deep south used to burn books – this was to prevent the young being led astray. The book burners wanted the books destroyed completely, so nobody would ever read that ‘thing’ again.
The rundown on both outfits
I guess that the current holders will have another German beer drinking adventure. This time it’s in Gelsenkirchen. At least I got one thing right about my Inter/Chelsea fantasy prediction. I wrote that a team having a blue pigment in its jersey would qualify for the semis. Schalke like the Chelsea I predicted have a “blue” pigment on their jersey.
Now when I called the doctor's office to ask about the bloody diarrhea they thought I meant a small streak of blood. Something like you might see if a kid has a bad bad diaper rash. Small streaks of blood. This kind of bloody diarrhea is like straight blood. You can't tell the difference between fecal matter and the blood because it's all blood. I'm talking open the diaper and let out a string of words you wouldn't normally say because there's so much blood. I told the doctor office this. They apparently thought I was over reacting and told me to call back in two or three days if it got worse.
To this day no one cohesive story has been pieced together of actual game content employed by the booth. Oscen swears that the company was attempting its first ever rail-shooter, Ballard that it was a side scrolling beat’em up. Other employees have replies ranging from serious (light-gun shooter) to probably sarcastic (“hell”)
I am grateful for a Heavenly Father who loves us.
The plastic ono man was then cut down
So here are six easy steps to get your man (husband, boyfriend, fiance, any other type of man and your on your own) to do what you need them to do:
He's really making good progress and we have several big piles that will need to be burned come spring. This isn't a true before and after, but here is a shot of what he's starting with and how well he cleans it up (just not the same spot).
Oh, and someone from Brazil reads my blog - I don't know anyone from Brazil, lol!! But it makes me THRILLED that maybe they can get some value & INSPIRATION from what I write! :) Arizona is a pretty COOL place too, never been there! So, it's a place for INTERNATIONAL working and co-operation, working together on things that are IMPORTANT - for this planet & all of us!
5. Golf
Here are some, but please feel free to suggest more:
I feel very confused. I just don't believe in this baby yet. Right now my primary feeling is an intensified emptiness, missing Elizabeth. I am grateful for this pregnancy and willing to wait for the joy that might come, if things continue to go well. I don't believe much in first trimester hopes right now, since the miscarriage was our most recent experience. But I'll continue to feel kind of glad every time I throw up.
You can hang our necks, but you cannot hang our heads
But its rarity……makes it priceless……..keep your gold…….I’d rather have your hand.
In summary then, as an addition to a wargamer's armoury - and a pulp sci-fi fan's mental furniture - I feel Conflict on Mars! does deliver, and it certainly represents a sizeable step forward in the development of When the Navy Walked as a setting, system and brand.
designers this weekend at the Business of Design Tastemaker Sale - Eleish van Breems, Suzanne Kasler, Tara Shaw and Suzanne Tucker. Rhonda and I caught up with Keith this morning as the sale celebrating his new book is in play to find out what pieces he personally can't resist. Here are Keith's picks:
Many things annoy me. My evenings are spent screaming at the TV, while Dolores covers her ears and the kids hide cower behind the settee. Pretty much top, beer-wise, is the assertion that you can't have an IPA under 4% ABV. Because IPA "was a strong beer" in the 19th century.
“By modulating the ambient current flowing in the ionosphere, e.g., the auroral electrojet, it is possible to generate extremely low frequency (ELF) and very low frequency (VLF) radiation. This ionospheric modification technique can provide such waves for probing both the Earth and the ionosphere- magnetosphere. The modification occurs in the lower D-region and can provide information about the ambient conditions in one of the least diagnosed regions of the ionosphere.
Regardless, it has been most welcome and needed in the end. Funny how sometimes we cannot see the answer, which is right in front of us. That which is most obviously needed seems somehow inconceivable. One way or another life has a way of making you notice and forcing you to react. It has been a time of reflection as well as inventory. Time to accept my limitations as well as my potentials. Knowing one will define the other and vice a versa.
With Rick Santorum out of the race, the Republican base is scrambling to build support around another contender who could beat Romney. And they may have discovered a dark horse candidate: an unidentified shirtless man screaming obscenities at traffic from the parking lot of a Tulsa-area Walgreens.
Our home, studio and shoppe are smoke free environments -- we don't smoke, nor do our Artists, employees, family or friends. Your purchases are made, packed, and will arrive completely smoke free.
So I’m trying to slow down. To enjoy my copy edits even when I’m pulling my hair out over comma placements. To appreciate the quiet down time between phases when I’m waiting to hear back from my editor. To be patient while drafting book two, especially when my main character decides to be difficult, when he refuses to tell me what should happen next or how he’d like to react to a given situation. It will come. It always does. The solutions always materialize. The next step always arrives. The clock keeps ticking and the calendar keeps flipping its pages.
randomosities... i thought maybe i made that word up in a stroke of "genius". but i looked it up. it's been used before, even if it's not a real word. oh, well. speaking of looking up words, i looked up a word a little while ago to see what it meant. it's a word i had heard before... often enough to recognize it. but i never really knew what it meant. and i must not have been curious enough to know either, because it wasn't until today that i made the effort... this time, i was curious! i'll get to all that in a little bit, though.
6. Rejoice (White, Argent) 3:44
“No it wouldn’t. Jesus has a sense of humor. He’d think it’s cool,” Mike said.
"...banners work like most advertising, which is to say in a fairly complex manner.For instance, click-through is actually a poor measure of performance. It’s impossible to click through a billboard ad, for example, but that doesn’t mean it’s not effective... The same is true for TV ads..." Oh, I see. The now famous "nobody ever clicked on a TV spot" defense.
Prima: Petal Pins: Iced
Also notice how the newspaper puts “little general” in quotation marks, referring to the experience of Jock Harris, at one stage the SADF commander of ground forces in Angola, about a time when a drunken Foreign Minister Pik Botha addressed the general like that during a briefing general Geldenhuys held at HQ.
Armstrong
Where await the spectral ships on the crimson tide
All essential vitamins are important for digestive health, just as they are for the rest of your body, but some play specific roles in digestion. In most cases, you can get the nutrients you need from a healthy diet, but it may not hurt to take a multivitamin supplement and an extra supplement of vitamin D.
So much for the struggling artist.
Granted, we are sometimes blindsided by our ignorance or instinctively wrong about our responses to life. But thankfully, God is never blindsided. And, He’s never wrong. From His vantage point He has a clear view of Satan’s destructive attempts to thud our lives. So, like Bobby’s mom, He warns us with clear and unmistakable shouts from His Word. God’s Word is full of warnings about things like greed, selfishness, lying, lust, gossip, hatred, bitterness, envy, argumentative attitudes, stealing, murmuring, oppression, and ignoring the needs of the poor and underprivileged. So, it’s not that there is a lack of clarity in His voice. The problem is ours. Too often, like Bobby, we either are not listening, or we just don’t care.
over the edge.
This publication’s discussed strategies are:
It made me smile.
National Security Network executive director Heather Hurlburt led off her remarks with a breaking news bulletin: parents were ahead at half time by one point in the Takoma Park Elementary School parents-staff basketball game.
GILDA — MUHOLLAND DR. Not only does the amnesiac Rita derive her name from a poster for this movie, but the audition scene where Naomi Watts plays a scene of hatred as if it were a love scene is a clear paraphrase of a similar scene between Glenn Ford and Rita Hyaworth in the classic noir. SUNSET BLVD also seems to inform this film, but in a more diffuse way that’s hard to pinpoint through direct comparisons.
The bands were great. First one I saw was A Day to Remember and they rocked the crowd. Kept control really well. Their third to last song, I think it was their third to last song, they played the lead singer got into a giant plastic hamster ball and ran around the crowd. Which was completely awesome.
May My Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ and God My Father, who loved me and in His grace gave me unfailing courage and a firm hope, encourage me and strengthen me always to do and say what is good, in Jesus Name! Amen!
Yes, that describes me much better. But not always. Let me share with you some of my other characteristics and see if they remind you of anyone you work with. I hope that you’ll recognize that no matter what our “horse-enality” or our role in the herd (or at work) we all have value.
The only thing I've noticed with them is that because they are a different, cheaper paper than the white ones, they soak up the OMS faster. Not a problem, just a note. On the up side, the small ones from them are smaller even than the collection of Tortillions I have and they work far better for blending in those tiny little spots that seem to crop up in just about any image.
Andrea Mitchell of MSNBC on “Going Rogue” Tour (wife of former Chmn . Federal Reserve, Alan Greenspan (Rothschild/Rockefeller agent) dispatched to reinforce Marionette (Doll) Prog’mg just before deluded supporters line up to worship their pseudo-evangelical, phony modern-day Esther. Under the guise of reporting Andrea “flashes” Palin to activate reinforce “Caribou Barbie” ALTER (mind file). “Caribou Barbie” arrives in “shrink wrap” bus to cheers from delusional fans, then led by “bodyman” (NSA-CIA) prog’mr/handler) Jason Recher to Andrea Mitchell’s post…
There's got to be some turning point where you had an idea for what would have happened if X hadn't done Y or the PCs hadn't blown up the bridge or... A session looking at the effects of such a change could be interesting, as long as the players involved don't feel like their effect on the game world is being lessened.
“Ten cents?” says the bloke, incredulously. “Do you do counter meals here?”
My husband and son are rooting for the Texas Rangers to win the World Series. I don't have anything against them really. I like Texas in general, but my heart roots for the St. Louis Cardinals, despite the fact that I refuse to watch the games. I find baseball on TV very boring, but I still stand beside the Cardinals in spirit.
Plus, Walden Pond Press has shared an audio excerpt to get you even more excited:
Remember the days of Myspace and Friendster? They used to be fun. Checking your Myspace or Friendster profile was fun. It was not compulsory for you to check on those sites every minute. There was no wall of your friend's activities back then, still it was fun. There was such a thrill when a friend posted a testimonial - especially if they were just spontaneous about it. Another thing I noticed is that people actually connected on those days despite the limitations given on those days. That I believe is the infancy of social media.
My mother, glowing and thrilled in a yellow silk dress last time, is now in a nursing home with dementia and did not attend. My stepmother, with whom I always had a tough relationship, has been dead for four years. My Dad, healthy and strong at 82, looked fab in a bow-tie and double-breasted navy blazer, his new partner Mary, in a saffron yellow silk jacket — just back from Hong Kong and the marriage of her daughter.
en las cinturas, con sus cantaros de agua,
For the last 40 years, more than 800 vendors have set up shop for a full week on a wedge of land in the middle of the Seine. Some have permanent stores in other villages, others are part of the 'Brocantes' circuit operating across France.
3. Favorite number? Really don’t have one!
What would complete YOU?
Rode the six hundred.
I was impressed with Jesse because even without his best pitch he made it through six innings giving up two runs, only one earned. Still he walked too many, four, and now has walked nine in 17.1 innings in his first four starts. His problems are mainly coming from right handed batters who are hitting him hard at a .327 pace and eight of his nine walks are against the them. Jesse is still a work in progress. I remember watching Trevor May pitch in Clearwater two years ago and struggle. Later that season he was sent back to Lakewood for a second year. It was the best thing for him and now May is one of the best pitchers in AA with the R-Phillies.
OBVIOUSLY I was frustrated.
Short interviews with anguished relatives, one of whom is going to form some kind of foundation to push for laws and regulations to make sure this tragedy never happens again. (Oh, by the way, the Twinkie mentions as an aside, all riding mowers sold since 2004 can’t mow in reverse. But there are millions of old lawnmowers out there.)
Now adhere the top cover to the base you’ve already created then add more gaffer tape to the spine giving your book its binding.
For weeks, the project’s developer, Forest City Ratner, and its state sponsor, the Empire State Development Corporation, had deflected questions from bloggers about the arena’s location, saying that they could not divulge information related to security.
I know that God is with me at all times, and that the Holy Spirit lives in each of us. These days, I am also confident of God’s love for me… However, once again, I find myself in a position where ‘the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak’. My faith burns in me, and prayer is becoming more and more a feature of my daily life. But, I realise I still have a long way to go yet.
We grabbed some tickets for a cold and grey day at the ol' ballpark.
1tsp Rice flour
Kruder & Dorfmeister: Original Bedroom Rockers
Not sure how I feel about that, to be honest. On the one hand, it's gorgeous and represents a monumental effort. On the other, it also represents colonialism, opression, and an imported religion. The silver industry has a dark history as well. The Spanish discovered silver in Mexico and mined it voraciously. This was, of course, at the expense of the lives of the native population, who were forced into slavery in the silver mines under terrible conditions. The high amount of silver mined also caused worldwide inflation and economic problems. Today, most of the old mines are closed down.
With this depressing weather. We actually got some surprising sunshine today, perfect for a homeschool group get together at the park which we usually skip in the winter months because I can't take standing in the rain for two hours while the kids run around like crazy sugar rushed maniacs. Insstead I convince them that it is better to go roller skating indoors, or anything indoors! I decided to try the park today only to find that the park was one big mud pit and Little L slipped and fell right smack dab in one of these lovely wet mud piles and was soaked right through two shirts and down to his underwear. He is basically a skeleton with skin he is so skinny, which is why he has a hard time riding this time of year, no matter how many layers I put on him he can't stay warm. So in tears we headed to the car where all I could find to warm him up was A.J's newly laundered, size 80 horse blanket in the back. Little L stripped down to his skivvies and wrapped up in the blanket while we waited an hour for his big brother to play with his friends.
As a thank you, I have a special gift for one of my lucky followers:
A youth needs as much support as a young child. I would say- perhaps even more. They need you to be there for them if not always physically, definitely emotionally.
My next foray into the skiing world was when I was 11: an altogether less enjoyable experience. It was in Val d’Isere in the French Alps in January. Memories of white-outs, grey skies, snow and more snow; sickness every morning as I looked out onto a bleak expanse, knowing I had to go out into it and mix with a group of strangers who were four times my age and didn’t speak my language with a bugger of an instructor who lost patience with my falling off the lifts (button lifts this time, but still I struggled). For anyone who has come a cropper up a steep rocky incline on a drag lift in a white-out when you have barely mastered the snow-plough, this will surely resonate. These were meant to be holidays, time off school, time to have fun – not be tortured and abused by geography, weather, man and leather (boots were not as they are today – it took hours just to lace them up and work out how to get them into the complicated configurations of metal which they called bindings). No, this was no happy union of man and mountain, I can tell you.
Say hello to The Edge Nails 'Transylvania':
Find a friend! -
"SHEER TERROR"? Under a bright white sky? Maybe, but a show of hands first: who can tell me what's missing in this picture? No, not a printed promise of anti-Jaws film quality. No, not the artist trying to lull people into a false sense of security by reminding them of Goldfinger. Can't get it? Look at the surface of the water. See that waving hand? Unless Lurch finally got tired of Thing's emo crap and flung him into the ocean, or the shark just took a huge chomp of 99% of this drowning victim, I'd say we have a serious physicality problem with this Roy Scheider cameo, here.
For I am safe within Your arms
“Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.” -Albert Einstein
Hey y’all.
my most favorite day of the week,
Yeah – it was 6,384 votes cast out of a possible 16,972 (Turnout: 37.6%) so lower, but not as bad as I’d feared. Half a point.
Yeesh. If there were one tax we desperately need, it is this one.
With your last breath
So you can imagine the joy with which I announced on one of those social networks (can't remember which, my life is a blur) that I was just ONE CHAPTER away from finishing.
Pour into suitable dish
One of the things that you did quite a bit this month was to use your hair as a napkin. Yes, take messy, sticky hands that have been grabbing your dinner and rub it into your hair. This has resulted in quite a few unplanned baths, but it is looking like this phase may soon be over, thankfully
So, you are probably wondering why in the world anyone would ever do such a thing. Well, there is a reason behind all the madness. The past couple months, my energy level has been really low, I had a lot of pain in my neck and lower back, I would get really dizzy and feel like I was about to pass out. Most days it was all I could do to go to work, come home, eat, then go to bed. My mom sent me off to see the chiropractor to get some relief from the neck pain. Oh those crazy chiropractors, they are up to more than just cracking backs these days.
Many neurons in AD brain have normal-looking cell bodies, but their neurites curl about in a random pattern, not making proper connections. Still other neurons have neurites that have become embedded in abnormal clumps of protein found outside the cells, instead of making normal connections with thier neighbors.
At the end the manifesto flags up that the ecological crisis presents practical conflicts that are very difficult to manage which is very timely and I see that yesterday Natural England published a response to the latest DEFRA Climate Change predictions stating that
And let’s try to see things for what they are.
2 Tbsp. Sesame Oil
“A young player can learn how the game is different from the youth level—the physical, technical and tactical qualities the collegiate players exhibit as developed adult players,” she said. “In particular, a player could study their own position by watching the college players. If you’re a center back on your team, you’d want to be careful to observe the center back on the college team. How do they position themselves? What decisions do they make? How and when do they tackle? How do they communicate, for example. How do the game rules differ at that level of play from youth soccer game rules?”
with the attitude she then held,
“I am speaking to you from the Cabinet Room at Cowley Street.
Her husband Colby was my boyfriend for over three years. He is also the boyfriend you've heard me refer to as the "fire and gasoline" relationship. Most people wouldn't bother keeping touch with a friend with whom the situation is so awkward.
-Garona.
In the coming weeks, we are trying to finish up some things in school, and next week we are going to do their Iowa testing. I just hope I can keep Rae from distracting them. My mom is coming in 2 weeks, and will get to see Rae for the first time. I cannot believe Emily will be 11, and so we are working on that party. I am looking forward to bringing back a Dear Family Memorial Day tradition - Low Country Shrimp Boil with a new addition of crawfish - fresh from Louisiana.
Who is it for? Anyone, homeschooled, unschooled, or schooled, who is in their teens through early 20's.
one in ten Sleestaks can, in brief flashes of insight, remember the ancient secrets of their ancestors. (Roll D10 at character generation. They have this power if a 1 is rolled.) Once per session the Player can make up a detail about any dungeon environment the characters find themselves in, details may include secret doors, passwords, codes, the location of a pylon or how to operate a pylon. The DM should let the player throw their idea out there in one short sentence, but then further details are for the DM to determine. Note that ancient Sleestak technology allows for structures that are larger on the inside than the outside and other warping of time and space, so dungeon maps need not be modified except to note the location of any new Sleestak generated details. It is of course the prerogative of the DM to declare a dungeon off limits to this power because it was not built by Sleestaks or has been otherwise untouched by their weird lizardy claws.
But next year I will be moving.
In planning for my future business one of the first things I did was have a logo designed. Really, Shannon? Who has a logo when they don't even have a business? That's crazy talk, right? No, actually I don't think it's crazy at all!
There’s a reason this film won the Golden Bear at the Berlin Film Festival and was such a critical favorite. But sadly, there’s also a reason that this film didn’t find more acclaim with mainstream audiences. I will avoid the general cynicism that is so often used when discussing American audiences and just say that I think if people viewed this not as a foreign film, not as something “snobbish” or “elitist” or “difficult”, they would enjoy it. So often we find ourselves settling for pure entertainment that we forget what it means to go to the movies. We forget how transcendent, how personal, how moving films like this can be. This film contains an emotional depth that is little seen in American cinema as of late, and it is an emotional depth I think is needed in our lives. Yes, this film may be emotionally challenging, but it is worth every tear.
It was not, he said later, until he went to the churches of America and found congregations aflame with righteousness, that he began to comprehend the secret of this power. Upon his return to France, de Tocqueville wrote:
About 12 button mushrooms per person
Mostly c) Oh dear, you appear to have been brainwashed by the anti-smoking lobbyists :)
Lisbon, Portugal
Seed sales are driven by commodity cycles and price expectations. Monsanto numbers are scrutinized closely. So its interesting to read this snippet attributable to Hugh Grant, chairman, president and chief executive officer for Monsanto. “We are pleased growers have recognized the value of our products and the benefits they provide on farm. Our pipeline progress continues to be a competitive differentiator, and that’s ever more important as we put an even greater focus on delivering yield to growers.”
For MUCH better pictures of the whole day, here are the blogs of all the attendees, who will have there own top picks from the event:)
1290 **D-II/5/1998. “Shakespeare’s Bible.” Women’s Society of the Hyde Park Union Church, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 828-40.)
Heat oven to 350F. Line a 12-cup muffin pan with paper baking cups, and coat with non-stick cooking spray. Sift and whisk flour, cornstarch, baking powder and salt into a small bowl. In mixing bowl of a stand mixer, using the paddle attachment, beat softened butter, sugar and zest at medium speed 5 minutes, till light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating until incorporated. Beat in extracts. On low speed, add flour mixture alternately with buttermilk, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Beat only until blended after each addition. Batter will be thick. Use immediately. Fill 12 muffin cups with batter, dividing equally. Bake 15-17 minutes, or till a toothpick inserted near center returns with just a few crumbs. Cool in pans 5 minutes, then transfer cupcakes to wire rack to finish cooling. Frost with Orange-White Chocolate Cream Cheese Frosting.
A week after Ryan’s boast, the bishops sent letters to Congress saying the Ryan budget, passed by the House, “fails to meet” the moral criteria of the Church, namely its view that any budget should help “the least of these” as the Christian Bible requires: the poor, the hungry, the homeless, the jobless. “A just spending bill cannot rely on disproportionate cuts in essential services to poor and vulnerable persons,” the bishops wrote.
Scottish music website Dead Earnest described their music as exuding a “haunting, hypnotic, exotic and feel-good atmosphere... a band that’s seriously promising and deserves to be heard by many”. Amazing Radio’s Charlie Ashcroft describes Thula Borah as “Slow-burning rock beauty.”
Before you invest in this company, you should look under the hood and find out more about their products and sales revenue.
A weekly feature hosted by GReads that showcases music. Book Playlists Edition is basically whatever songs you relate to a book or an author's actual playlist. This is obviously not the actual Harry Potter playlist that J.K Rowling wrote to, or had in mind, but this is my Harry Potter playlist. It's an odd combination, I won't deny that, but whenever I hear these songs, Harry and Hogwarts immediately comes to mind. Feels like deja vu sometimes actually!
24-32 ounces chicken or vegetable stock
Where to begin? With the Web handle of the Kossack who saved me a trip to the attic. Two years ago, I wrote two well-researched pieces about minority crime, entitled “Enough with the Obfuscation.” The first, about black crime, was subtitled Blinded, On Purpose. The second, about “Hispanic” crime, was subtitled, Autoasphyxiation, not Strangling. In the latter, I wrote this:
My only complaint with the milk is that it doesn't have much calcium. I prefer my plant milks fortified with at least 30 percent of the RDA for calcium. This milk has 10 percent of the RDA for calcium. But it does have five grams of protein per serving, and that's a plus. So if you see the new So Delicious almond milk products at a health food store near you, buy them. I promise it'll be worth your while.
John 14:26-27 (NLT)
We are buying a new house that sits on an acre, but is surprisingly close to where we live right now. My husband has wanted an acre ever since we moved from ours in Utah, but knew I didn't want to make any random, major moves, so he found a place with a completely-redone-inside house and all the dirt surrounding it that he could ever want.
The device has two ports, one for the generic memory card and one for game cartridges. So if you want to take music, pictures or videos with you, or if you want to download digital-only games from the Sony Entertainment Network, you’ll have to pay extra for the Vita storage cards. There are a range of sizes planned from 2-16GB and you probably won’t like the prices.
So now Canero will be fighting Matthew Hatton, although he's far from the fighter that his brother was, he still has some pieces of his brother's game in his repertoire. Both of the Hatton brothers have been very active in Soccer/Football. And both of them have very good foot work. Most of the fighters that Canero has fought have been old washed up flat footed fighters, like Carlos Baldomir & Lovemore N'dou. So you have to question whether Hatton's footwork will bother Canero. Canero has never really fought a true "boxer" and even though I don't consider Hatton a true boxer, he does have the footwork to evade the slow fisted Canero and possibly counter him all night. But you have to wonder how well Hatton will be able to move around and be elusive with all the extra weight on him. He has never fought at 154.
One thing I do know though, is this: assholes like Al Sharpton are part of the problem, not the solution.
sadly, the answer is no.
Popping balloons is added fun than you’d think.
Well here we are again for another MDUC challenge and I almost freakin forgot to post it! Had my card done early in the week, took pictures but just forgot to write the post. HOLI COW REALLY?!! Remembered an hour before - and I really wonder how. AND I was making a card!! ha ha ha!! Phew occupied or what?! I am soooo laughing at myself right now!
“Green party candidates and others are up in arms about what they see as the murder of Cyclists on London Roads.
The beautiful dress that Ulla Popken sent me to review is listed under their cocktail dresses. The Sequin Surplice Chiffon Dress is so pretty and classy! I couldn't believe how comfortable it is to wear.
Who else bakes their cornbread in an iron skillet? What else do you prefer to use an iron skillet for?
"A classmate," my mother says. It was too expensive for her to fly down for the festivities, she explains a little sadly. "No one from his family went either -- too far to travel from Hong Kong." This latter excuse, we both know, is only half true; my father's parents rarely made much of personal achievements. These were to be expected rather than praised or celebrated, as he'd learned early on in his childhood.
You’re more than a friend
I thought that as a way to celebrate the blogiversary this week, I would pull some amazing projects completed by YOU! These are real life projects my friends, that anyone can do! Which is why they are so totally INSPIRING!! Have fun indulging with me!
I have obviously played my part in this situation, having – as in previous jobs – given them plenty to gossip about. If I hadn’t got drunk with them on several occasions and told them things about myself the bitching wouldn’t be half as bad.
This idea can seem a little farfetch (I'm not even sure if I have the idea explained correctly), feel free to do your best to disprove it as it seems more likely to disprove than prove (Hey, Jim I attached this here rope to my waist, I'mma hop on through the 6th dimension. If I'm yankin' on the rope it means pull me out cause this reality if infested with dinosaurs.) But it certainly a distinct way of viewing everything.
Some busy days have just passed, finally today I'm on Heaster holidays but I caught a flu T_T" I'm so unlucky
I replaced them with some more.
3. Closed captioning can’t be viewed when the video enters full screen. You’re better off hitting Ctrl and + (or Command and + on MACs) to enlarge your video screen.
Its front page news was a story about a boy who had been encouraged to read by the Duchess of Cornwall. I could not find any story anywhere about anyone being killed by a bus from outer space falling on their head so, when I got home, I checked the BBC News channel (no unusual deaths; no mention of death from above) and then checked my e-mails to find one from mad inventor John Ward - designer and fabricator of the highly-prestigious Malcolm Hardee Awards for comedy.
Twenty-six years after I received the diamond ring, I presented it to my daughter on her 25th birthday. A tradition had been born. I waited with great anticipation to pass it on. She waited all her life to receive it. Now it's her turn to pass it on.
A new study suggests small thoughtful gestures and a little everyday gratitude toward one’s partner can yield a great deal of happiness and help strengthen relationships. Examples may include: picking up your partner’s favorite coffee, preparing a celebratory dinner, or taking the kids out to give the other partner some quiet time. By extending positive emotions and gratitude to romantic partners, this can increase the benefit of positive thinking tenfold.
Johnny fricking Unitas. I love this guy and the card is just classic looking. The price tag was only 5 bucks and the card is in amazing shape. I knew I was leaving with this card! After seeing very little in terms of hockey cards, I bundled a bunch of cards together and made a deal I couldn't refuse. So in the end, Mr. Unitas came home with me for less than a 5 spot.
Control-V was first used for paste in the QED editor.
I’m exactly 185cm tall. Seeing how I didn’t grow for 2 years, now I’m pretty sure it stopped. And when I compare with others, my ears stick out a lot and my eyes are rather big. My teeth are also very even. It’s the national good teeth. Hahaha.
Leggings: Grunge Cupcake Leggings-Pink- Orsini (Kawaii Fair Item)
Thousands of patients are to be cared for by Virgin Trains after Richard Branson’s company finalised the biggest outsourcing deal yet for running day-to-day NHS services.
www.KarinaGentinetta.1stdibs.com
A percentage of all my T-Shirts is going directly back into the community. I have a list of Artists and Organizations that a percentage is going to. So far, the 2 Artists and 1 organization are:
He has a Fall Festival in school today - it's like a Halloween Party, except that they can't call it a party - for which his teacher invited him to dress as his favorite book character. A dragon is not his favorite book character. Plus it has a tail* and I don't think he can get in and out of it independently, so he needed another costume for today.
Behaving as the wind behaves.
I'm sure Jupiter isn't really interested in their whole marriage problem, but how to get them in a threesome with him (You can never put it past him to do that, just look how he is looking at Psyche and holding Cupid!)
It must be hard inside the skin in which you live.
I think I'm going to need your help with decision making as we need some more furniture. I'm already scouring eBay for some pieces.
The unifying theme of the final book is the afterlives of objects, by which we mean what happens to objects when they acquire new uses or meanings. You will examine what happens to objects when they move from one social and historical context to another, and therefore the changes in the way these objects are understood. You will explore specific questions of power, ‘commodification’, memory and ownership and more general questions of change and transformation. Chapters One and Two examine religious and secular ‘relics’ and their contagious power; what happens when religious objects are transformed by global tourism; and whether tourism diminishes the ‘sacredness’ or ‘authenticity’ of such objects. Chapter Three explores issues of memory and absence with reference to Holocaust museums. In Chapter Four you will consider philosophical issues surrounding the ownership and display of objects. In particular, moral issues that arise in relation to objects removed from their place of origin, and in relation to bodies and parts of bodies collected by museums."
Live Music
fingers that point.
ACFN is disappointed the Supreme court of Canada does not deem this issue of national interest and they stand by their stance that Alberta tenure system needs to be reviewed and amended to include the constitutionally protected rights of First Nations at the early stages of granting leases.
What makes Carr’s locked-room mystery so successful is the creation of an eerie, ghostly atmosphere. The Times observed that Carr is “superb at conveying sinister and scary atmosphere, verging on the supernatural.” Indeed hints of the spectral and the uncanny dominate the story. Professor Grimaud lives in an exotic Gothic-like house and tells his friends stories of witchcraft and old-world superstitions. His friend Pettis is a collector of ghost stories, and the murderer appears to be a ghostly figure who haunts his victims. The story of the three coffins, with its Transylvanian setting and characters rising from their graves, adds to the Gothic atmosphere of the novel. As Toshi points out, “The supernatural (or quasi-supernatural) functions, in Carr’s novels, as a sort of analogue to the locked room; it is really a variation of the ‘impossible’ crime – i. e., the crime that is shown ultimately not to be impossible” (1990, 124).
E53
Bake in preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes or until cake tester inserted in center comes out clean. Serve cake warm with ice cream or cool completely and frost with a whipped cream frosting.
*If you rent a house or apartment and have a pet...do you pay pet rent? How much?
All humans have imbedded in them the ability to choose a mate. But this ability is hindered by conscious thought. Compare this line of reasoning to how a few species of animals reproduce. Chickens, to use the example laid down by my good friend Molly Midori, are such a simple minded creature we almost wish (and hope) that they were smarter just so we are justified in saying that everything in the world tastes like them. However, in wooing a mate, a rooster just has to lower a wing and dance and: Score! If a single rooster is cooped up with a hundred hens, he’s got a busy day. Cats, deer, and many other species, on the other hand, are much more complex, but still much simpler than humans. A male of these species only need to wait for mating season when all the females go into heat and then compete with masculine fervor to woo the closest female. This is based on a seasonal or yearly cycle, so if a male doesn’t do his “dance” right, he could find himself having to wait a whole year.
My friend Jen encountered some drama with her little elf:
J.W. Lees & Co (Brewers) Ltd Manchester Star Ale
Apart from longer trade timings (7 am to 7 pm), better infrastructure has contributed to the increase in the trade volume. At present, India is primarily exporting tomato and soyabean to Pakistan via the Attari-Wagah land route while the import list comprises cement, coal, gypsum, dry fruit, dates, soda ash and chemicals. In the import list, cement and coal are the new additions.
I have been saving for my camera for almost a year, and like my little sister says good things come to those who wait. The Lord has blessed me so much! (can you tell I'm just a little excited??) lol...
Protect ya neck, folks!
Unfortunately, like with most things in our society, people have taken something that can be used for good and used it for their own selfish vices. Misuse and abuse driven by greed has turned what should be used for constructive purposes into something destructive.
No one factor explains why some people only dream of migrating, while others go. Many factors can influence the situation. Potential migrants’ personal circumstances such as their finances, health, family situation, and their job status can keep them home or push them out the door. Migration policies — or lack thereof — can also create so many roadblocks to leaving or entering a country that potential migrants become discouraged. Yet Gallup’s surveys show millions are actively preparing to leave their homelands for good — and it is often the best and brightest that their homelands would like to see stay.
I also liked how the author portrayed small town living. As a girl that moved around a lot, Allie was always longing for a home. But when they finally settle down, she beings to realize that in a small town nothing can be hidden unless people don't want to see. Trip comes from a rich family and is loved by most of the town so no one wants to see him as an abuser even if it is right in front of their face. Allie is still the new girl and is far more susceptible to the town's whispers. She feels pressure not to start a new relationship--though she realizes early on that Blake is a good guy-- and to act like the normal widow. She can't move on from Trip because the town she lives in won't let her. Even if I didn't always agree with Allie's choices, the author did an awesome job making us feel the suffocation that small town living can offer.
Martha Stewart White Gold Glitter
So, no answers but at least I can run again – that is going to be hard! I’ll start again with a gentle run/walk programme and take it from there.
“Sleigh Ride” performed by Ella Fitzgerald
They went on The Marathon Show shortly after the event and basically blamed the whole collapse of the corrals at the start of the half on “new and inexperienced runners” who “got antsy and jumped the gun, just pressing forward”. The reason they ran out of water/cups at later aid stations? The volunteers were cold and abandoned their stations. The medals? Oh, they knew going in that they were short (did I mention they were still registering people at the expo, already knowing they were short on medals?) but did and said nothing. The water? “It was hydrant water, but it’s tested.” They took very little responsibility for anything.
Hmm… that’s tough. I want to see some Beckett… or some Ionesco.
Here is a closer look at our RD venue:
The most basic reality required for such a project should always have been cultural. Europe stretches from the Saxon Protestant ethic of the north and centre, down to the Latin Catholic ethic to the south-centre and south. In its enlarged (some would say engorged) form today, its aspirations stretch to the Slavic cultures of the East, and to Arab-influenced Islam at the very edge of south-eastern Europe.
The ingredient deck looked almost unnecessarily complicated by listing all the active cultures, but I grew to appreciate their attention to the scientific detail since they do claim to use all natural ingredients. But, I noticed that they listed the fruit on the bottom as just “strawberries”…
and she couldn’t be loved;
2) Passport which must be valid at least 6 months (original and photocopy the main front pages - the ones with your details and signature)
Our final walk through is Monday April 30th! YAY!! We went out a few days ago and we were completely shocked at everything that had been done. Our carpets in, our kitchen floor had been fixed and changed to the wood, ours lights were all in and working, our toilets in and working, the exteriors were almost done…etc.
I really wanted to sort through everything and get it in perfect order before while putting everything back in the units, but now I'm just hoping I can toss out some stuff as I go along and will figure out how to truly organize later ..... as in maybe over Christmas break in December. :D For now, everything is going back in the craft room in any open space I can find or make. Very little is organized at this point with the exception of the new shelving unit behind the craft table.
Throughout his constitutional writings Anastaplo argues that the freedom of a self-governing people depends above all on their recognition that freedom is secured by self-discipline and by a self-imposed restraint that looks beyond mere self-interest. Modern no less than ancient political communities are defined by their shared view of justice and happiness. In pursuit of happiness the ancients looked to politics to promote virtue. Modern constitutionalism looks to virtue in the form of discipline and moderation, to secure equality and rights, and to protect free republican politics.
But wait, something new.
Neither man allowed me to use his name. Amazon, they made clear, had long since accumulated sufficient influence over their business to ensure that even these most dedicated defenders of the book – and of the First Amendment – dare not speak openly of the company’s predations.
This is ridiculous. First I wanted my Garmin to arrive so that I can stop binging. Then when the courier emailed to say it would be here today, I started panicking because it’s such bad timing. I managed a couple of hours of sleep yesterday afternoon, but other than that I haven’t slept since Friday night, and even then I only got five or six hours. None of which would matter, except I have a two-hour exam in twenty minutes, and two 2000-word essays that need to be printed on the Spawn of Satan (my printer) and handed in 2 miles away by 7pm.
What are you reading? Have you read a series that stays true to a different time? Would you ever consider writing one in this fashion?
We get rammed on our side by a black car with tinted windows, my rides crumbling beneath me and as soon as I regain composure I see Stewie getting smacked across the face and tossed into the car by two guys.
06.Every Day
That snow-like mound of coconut (niyog) holds more moisture than you think, but you'll need some help to draw it out. As mentioned earlier, the traditional but messy, inefficient and cramp-inducing method is to simply grab a handful of niyog and squeeze it in your fist with as much force as needed to turn a piece of coal into a diamond, while the precious milk seeps out between your (hopefully clean) fingers.
We’ll wait.
Carved by wind, water and grit
Sous-Chef
Once again, multiple passports means more options, and more freedom… in this case, the freedom to travel.
Wei Tsu Tin almost never had trouble sleeping. For some reason, this night was different. It might have been the heat, but he had slept in humid heat before. It might have been the excitement … the bombing of the Americans’ camp was absolutely glorious … but that had been days ago. Wei had slept well through the previous nights.
Olubola Adeleye 07087499733/ 07065221108
too busy searching for the better things in Life!
the spider said is true
Pour potatoes from the aluminum into a large mixing bowl. Add milk, more than you would if you were making mashed potatoes from boiled potatoes because all of the starch is still in the potatoes and there is no added moisture from water. Hand mash until creamy, adding more milk if the mixture is too thick. I used at least ½ cup milk for my 5 potatoes.
Look out for the cheater
Ok, breathe. Be patient. This is going to move quickly. Or maybe not. I hear the same story I heard last week - sorry you need a receipt. No exceptions.
Despite hard financial times, the losers in 2011 were all of the value segments, especially blended scotch, which declined by 2.6 percent. American blends and Canadians also lost volume.
Signals: Simplex 2903 light plate with Simplex chime & 9806 horn.
Headlights - Morning Parade
“I cannot wait another year and allow a child to be caught in a school system that, for five years running, has been on the watch list or the troubled list with no prospect of getting off of it. … Nothing to me is worse in the sense of discrimination than leaving kids in a system that, year-in-and-year-out, has been scored as failing.”
I sigh and try to look dignified leading Amber into the room.
Camper of the Week: Christian Rodriguez
Me: "Sounds good, Les. But make sure you make them as nerdy as possible. No personalities- just straight nerd. Remember Urkel from Family Matters? Like that, but less realistic. Throw in a bimbo across the hall and a couple of running jokes and you've got yourself a show."
2. The object of damages is to compensate
There has been a constant state of threat that has engendered a siege mentality in the minds of the small business owners who create most of America’s jobs.
HAARP patents states that HAARP can beam radio energy into the Auroral electrojet, the curved, charged-particle stream formed at high latitudes where the solar wind interacts with Earth’s magnetic field. The radio energy then disperses over large areas through ductlike regions of the ionosphere, forming a virtual antenna that can be thousands of miles in length.
Is it to protect your head? I think, could be wrong here, that it might be a waste of time considering the situation will not be triumphed by a few inches of flexible, cone-shaped plastic.
By not allowing children to compete and experience failure/losing, Nanny is denying them the ability to grow, learn and develop into mature self responsible adults (isn't that a form of child abuse?).
(a) air quality management;
I used Ravelry's feature of searching for crochet projects using this yarn, and saw many things to tempt me - amigurumi is an obvious choice. There were also many lovely shawls, wraps and scarves - many things to do crochet proud. Some folks had made their own Babette blankets using this yarn... it's an obvious consideration, since the pattern calls for so many different colors. You could conceivably crochet a Babette made of 17 different shades of blue, using this yarn! What to do, what to do...
Yep. Open water swimming is a whole different beast than pool swimming. And I’m considering registering myself for this event. Right now I’m just considering it – I don’t think I’ll make a decision for another month or so. Right now I have my upcoming stair climb challenge to focus on (have you donated yet? It’s goes to a great cause!), and then, after that, I have another fitness challenge already lined up at the end of May that I have yet to mention on this blog (one challenge at a time, folks!). So if I make a decision in early June, I’ll still have over two months to train and prepare.
I left the South West of France at the age of 18 to study in United States (Boston), a country that has fascinated me to the point that I am now a US citizen. But I will always love PARIS. I believe if there is a "place one must see before you die", please make it Paris.
Pender got sick a few days ago. Normally frisky and feisty, he started getting listless about 4 days ago. Yesterday, his eye infection was so bad, his eyelids couldn't open.
I’m going to tell you a secret. It’s a deep, dark, cobweb-covered secret that you have to promise not to tell anyone. Promise? Are you ready for this? First, let’s set the scene …
So you know what, I’ll tell you this, Manageurdeath, I don’t know who you are exactly, but I’m going to fucking find out, and WHOEVER you are, mark my words, you have fucked with the WRONG ORC. Enjoy your little podunk swamp town while you can, because I’m telling you right now, somehow, someday, I am going to open up such a can of fucking DISASTER on that place, you and all your little Jainabanging friends aren’t going to know what even fucking HIT you. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
Hannibal, the pioneering world music label) who hooked her up
Next is The Maze Runner trilogy. The first book was genius, and I’m sure the second one will be too (the second book is currently occupying everywhere I go :D). I can’t wait to read the third and final one.
requires the phone to be capable of using both types of power control, it is
The tag I made myself from a pink piece of cardstock. The sentiment is a stamp from Inkadinkado. The charm comes from my stash.
When we went to Le Tres Particulier we climbed the hill on it's west side. As we left we wandered the streets north and east, climbing up to it's tip top and ending up on Rue Norvins. This is a lively area and beautiful at dusk. The very old and famous restaurant (once cabaret) Le Consulat greeted us.
Then we flash back to Mr. Discovers-The-Cenobites, the guy from the first scene who owns the bar, who is having sex with a random chick from said bar. He acts like a douchebag to her afterwards and she gets really surprised for some reason I’m not sure. Did she expect him to sweep her off her feet and marry her? “Oh no, the guy I slept with at a sleazy bar is treating me like crap? HOW UNEXPECTED!” Pfft. Then she gets eaten by the Pinhead statue and turned into a high school biology diorama:
22a.Ing! O
First of all, ACC, what’s the deal with the aeronautical engineer thing? Is that some kind of hybrid spec? Because I thought the talent trees were Chemical, Electrical, and Mechanical. Did I miss something on the wiki? Meanwhile, I’m still playing around with the veterinarian, but I also just rolled a humanities-spec teacher class (for those of you wondering, by the way, that would be the human equivalent of orcities studies). Who knows how that will go.
today we had to go to costco. my kids always see the new gilbert, az LDS temple being built behind costco and beg to go see the temple so pretty much every time we go to costco, we go see the temple (up close), too. today the kids were able to bring home a sparkly piece of the temple which made all the kids happy & excited!
Princes want hot girls. And hot girls get the fairy tales.
"I've never told anyone this before," he said.
My mother is a poem
Nil Giri is the highest hill resort of Bangladesh with amazing natural beauty. This Resort is located 47 km South-East of Bandarban town on Chimbuk Range at a height of 2400 feet from sea level. It has a high class residential accommodation that makes a difference. This beautiful resort in the top of the mountain maintain by the Bangladesh Army. You will be amazed when you see that the cloudy sky often kisses the peak of the hill. Gentle breeze was blowing down the hill side and thin clouds were hanging around on their way to casual fly. Dimmed through the clouds, silver moon light was rolling down the folds and slopes. It is Imagine the scene! Clouds are playing with you and you can touch them! This is the most attractive place of Bangladesh for those who love hills and clouds.
Strength to your faltering spirit,
Beat egg well and then mix in all other ingredients.
The second meeting, I was given Christmas cards and made to feel welcome. That was exactly what I didn't want. I decided there and then that if I had to go to meetings if I was going to gamble, that I'd just give the ponies (and the footie, gymnastics, golf, cricket etc) up for good.
ASSIGNMENT: I challenged the students to set a password with a friend or relative, so that in case they needed to send a message to that person, they could verify that it was an authentic message. We also had these vocab words to look up:
Bella’s failure to become a vampire could result in her death, either by a vampire attack or by natural causes. If that happens, Edward would either commit suicide or live out eternity in a permanent state of depression. Or date someone else. Bella’s consequences only affect the people in her immediate circle, and the public at large wouldn’t know nor care either way.
The following paragraph, enclosed by quotations, is the word-for-word comment from a fellow writer on “vanity and vice and everything nice.” As I have been meaning to explain my darker pieces anyway, Patricia has inspired me to do so now. However, my “argument” extends beyond her comment. (I encourage everyone to read Patricia’s post “A Look at a Day’s Battle on the Journey.” The link above will take you there.)
This video is a group of young people replaying the old hymns. You can Spotify their music as “Bifrost Arts”. cool stuff!
Point is, this is a great album to throw on to piss off your lady friend and impress your bros with.
I was in a tree climbing down from an amazing light. I walked into the darkness, alone. To this day I still so desperately seek that grand palm where the light so magnificent doesn’t come from anything that can be understood or put into words. I laid in bed – heart aflame. I begged the Lord not to let me sin!
- identify where Jesus went and where He is seated
Comments: Entertaining story and beautiful artwork by Estrada. Frankie comes off as a bit of a cypher; why exactly doesn't he flirt with the other girls? I assume because that's what the plot required.
The earth fed on flesh and fury,
Perhaps I should have been more specific.
I've set up my shop on Etsy, and even made my very first sale! Max the desk turtle found his home yesterday - and he'll be sent out as soon as this wicked snow is over. This legless little guy is approx 4.5" from nose to tail, 2.5" wide, and 1.5" tall. He was made working in the round, without a pattern, and is one of a kind.
This is definitely not a just before bedtime read: the evil of the shadow, the various automatons, the question of what happened to Alma, and the house are all written with an eye towards creating that shivver that won't quit. The pacing was a little odd at times, but younger readers may not notice. The epilogue could have been done without, but it does give some closure to Irene's story.
What inspired you to write Magnus Fin and the Ocean Quest?
So when the Pulp Cover painter thinks about picking which moment to illustrate, he seems to be asking himself, "what's the most exciting moment in the whole book I can pick to show on the cover?" I imagine this is what sells books; those books are all about action so a potential buyer probably looks at all the covers and picks the one that looks like it has the most exciting story inside. So I think of this way of working as the "Pulp Cover" or "Comic Book" approach to picking the moment you use as the basis for your illustration, and it seems to be all about getting as much action as you can into one image and putting the viewer right in the middle of the violence.
-Kenzie
She’s my voice of reason when I get all worked up and pissy. She supports me through the crazy and laughs at my phobias (well, both my sisters in law do this. I detest lizards and geckos and they both think this is hilarious. Especially since Rachel lived in Hawaii and would try to remind me that geckos are good because they eat the cockroaches. Can we please discuss how freaking big these geckos must be to eat a cockroach? GROSS).
"Now I'm not. I don't want to promise you anything and then disappoint you or myself again."
“Wait a minute,” Chris’s voice grew, then settled back. “You hired him. He was out here because of you. For all of us. You want to act like you don’t know anything?”
Note: All the meats have roughly the same calories; if you feel like steak or pork, they’re no worse than the chicken.
By Chris Heath
She clutched the phone to her and wept with joy. Oh yes. Hell yes. She would follow through. She would follow him to the ends of the earth. Then, startled out of her revelry, she looked at her ringing phone. It was the same number, calling. She smiled as she hit the green button….
"Sweetie", I said to her, "D-boy's directions say not to just dump the pieces. What do yours say?"
She'd tell me: What you need to do, is do a load every day. And put it away as soon as it's done. That's what I do.
As you can see by the photo, our cat, Big Guy, stayed dry during the hurricane. Schedules were disrupted Sunday morning as the wind was blowing too hard to let the cats outside. You know how disgruntled a cat can get when he wants to go outside and can't? Pretty grumpy.
35 B-15 On Trial: From Adam & Eve to O. J. Simpson (Lanham, Maryland: Lexington Books, 2004) ( with a Foreword by Abner J. Mikva), pp I-xx, 1-499. Sources: Items C-1991(4), D-V/16/1981, D-III/3/1989, D-II/13/1982, D-XII/6/1975, D-XII/8/1979, D-III/26/1991, D-X/28/1984, D-V/9/1982, D-X/3/1964, D-III/4/1979, D-V/11/1977, C-1997 (11) ,D-IV/4/2001, D-XI/19/1976, D-IV/1/1976, D-II/3/1977, D-X/3/1983, D-III/6(B)/1975, D-III/13/1987, D-IV/5/1991, C-1979(8), D-I/31/1990, D-IV/7/1989, C-1974(11), D-XI/21/1995, C-1973 (8), D-XI/4/1987, D-IV/16(A)/2001, D-II/14/2001, and D-II/5/2003, below.)
I have a laundry list 3 pages long of excuses as to why I have been missing from my blog for almost a month, but none of them are worth a hoot! I apologize for my absence and promise to keep up better! LOL
19To cast out all thine enemies from before thee, as the LORD hath spoken.
It's also a day I've come to dread because two years ago on, March 17th, I flew to Kentucky to be with Kelly when she was going to have a surgery to remove the expanders that had been put in place after her mastectomy. She had decided that it wasn't worth the uncomfortableness and since her latest scans and blood work had come out good, the doctors felt she could go through this ambulatory surgery with no problems. I was there to help with Ari since she was once again restricted from lifting anything over five pounds. When I left on the 25th, she said to me, "Mom, this is the best I've felt in over a year." We had hope that she had finally gotten a break with this awful cancer, but sadly less than two months later, she passed away.
Cover Commentary: Love it. I love the red dress, with the windblown wild look & the suspicious back glance… especially with the castle and storm clouds in the background. The crossbow makes the picture for me, although it seems a little large for the weapon she hid in her skirts. I suppose of they’d given her a wee little crossbow, it wouldn’t have had the same effect. Lol.
I remember the main theme of the retreat was on pressure points. Well, at least one of the themes (I’m assuming there was more than one, so I’m also assuming I forgot the others…). We often split into small groups and shared a type of flashcard that was made to study pressure points. It would have the location of the pressure point on the body, as well as its purpose and other useful information. Those first frustrating attempts made me realize how difficult it is to successfully use a pressure point against an enemy. Skimming through all of the cards in our pile also opened my eyes to how many pressure points there were in our bodies, which was stunning. Supplemented with pressure point training from our last retreat (as well as random classes every now and then) has helped to pique my interest. One day I plan to take a more extensive look at the packet of pressure point locations I received at the most recent retreat so that I can truly understand it.
I love reading your comments, please take a minute and let me know what you think. Don't forget to leave a way for me to get in touch with you as I will be giving a gift away as well. I will be combining all the comments from yesterday and today to randomly pick a winner. Your next stop is the very talented Carol.
If I were on death row, this very well may be what I choose as my last meal. And since it would be my last meal, I would eat the entire thing. After all, I wouldn't have to worry about slipping into my skinny jeans the next day.
I spend my days in the kitchen avoiding allergens and trying to fatten up my son. Then one day I turn around while trying to pick out a new purse and I think to myself. "Wow this purse makes me look fat!" Yea Lisa, its the purse.
3 – I love romantic comedies but cannot (for some reason) read a romantic novel. Give me a thriller anytime.
03 - Amboy Dukes (ft. Ted Nugent) - Great White Buffalo
It's not too hard to visualize what the Haunted Mansion would have looked like if Ken Anderson's pioneering labors had been realized. We have an abundance of concept art, plus show scripts and interviews. We even have a floor plan. Likewise, for the final phase, with Marc Davis, Claude Coats, and X. Atencio at the controls, we have artwork to admire, interviews to read, history to discuss, and the actual product to look at. When it comes to the middle crew, however, things are a bit murkier. That would be Rolly Crump and Yale Gracey, in charge of the Haunted Mansion project from 1959 until 1963. We've talked about them before, and no doubt we'll talk about them again. Very important team.
And I'm not a yarn snob. I DO "Love This Cotton" and "Love This Yarn"... but I also loooooove me some Noro now. Made something with it this weekend (pics to come soon) and am addicted to the colors. Here are some lovely creations from others, showcasing what this yarn can do:
Fact; I like pandas; <U+2665>
Last night, Deanna met me and the girls at a random field in Plano for a photo session. Our first as our little family of three. We brought bubbles, hula hoops, costumes, and even Maggie's ballet recital outfit. Katie was a bit jealous at the pretty "rina dress" and insisted she try it too. The result? Photography perfection.
Can I get a witness?
The need to reach the top of the mountain, to accomplish our desires and be successful, is the natural impulse to move toward experiencing greater happiness. The difficulty lies in believing that success means being all-powerful; we forget that there is a difference between being powerful in the sense of being egotistic and controlling, and being powerful meaning full of loving kindness and compassion. True power is not corruptive or abusive, as we are seeing in Washington and London; it transcends greed and serves for the benefit of all.
Salud!
Ah, cashmere! I so love my assistant's striped Lucien Pellat-Finet shawl (pictured), where I occasionally nap, that I have even gnawed on it, but it got me in trouble... Anyhow, I'm lucky enough to have an inbuilt fur coat. (Remember, that's the only acceptable fur!)
Similar Types In most of vary unique longest tail and supercilium avoid misunderstandings with other wrens. Where numbers of the eastern subspecies-group overlap with Carolina wren, misunderstandings possible. However, Bewick’s is not as colorful as Carolina, and the long, white-tipped, professionally moving longest tail of Bewick’s is diag­nostic. Expenses more time, slimmer than Carolina’s.
there are plenty of boundaries and limits being set and held at this house. i have not stepped aside and put bonzo at the helm of the ship.
She was having a bad day at school so I thought I’d cheer her up by making this for her when she got home. It started off ok until my friend, who was here refinishing my wood floors, distracted me and I accidentally browned the bacon and onions too much. Instead of scrapping it, I continued with the process then made him taste it for me (I cook by smell and sight when cooking with seafood and it smelled ok so I think he was safe!). He said it was actually really good and liked the flavor the overcooked bacon and onions gave it, so that's how my regular clam chowder became caramelized bacon and onion clam chowder (that and as you can tell from the picture it's on the tan side vs. white). I also had my in-laws test it out too, and it got a "good" from my father in-law, which in his language means, "you
All of the other walls in the bedroom (including the one that the bed will sit up against) will be clad in white-painted planks of wood, so it's just these two small walls that will have blue/green/gray-colored paint on them.
“He that will not apply new remedies must except new evils, for time is the greatest innovator.” (Francis Bacon)
Africa," Alberts said.
so good: only $13 and some change at Home Depot.
1 symmetrical
For lime butter, mix all ingredients in small bowl. Refrigerate 2 hrs. prior to use.
* If we part company, what happens to any outstanding subsidiary rights?
2. The Washington Post newspaper wrote this:
I have stopped expecting to make it through a meal without my son demanding "bites" of whatever I'm having (even if he has the same thing on his plate.)
LAWSON
The oldest verse, called a rune, discovered in the Germanic cultures many years ago says:
The fact Diane went to such lengths to tell me I am beautiful - scars and all, made me think about how I feel about my friend with her scar. It also reminded me to think about my own flaws that way.
We went to a local car boot sale today. It was eight degrees outside and raining, with a snell breeze. The poor stall-holders were going slowly numb from the feet up. By the time we got home, all I could think about was lighting a fire and falling into an armchair; and I only managed the second part of that plan, so we are still chilly. In my defense for such feeble behaviour, I plead continuing head and neck pain from that stupid concussion; plus I am still finding any social interaction and noise unnaturally wearying. However, on the positive side, I did get myself a couple of useful Kilner jars and a very pretty silver ring, set with citrines and an amethyst, for the grand price of seven quid. Being a magpie for such fripperies I came away well pleased. The boys are happy too: each bought a toy – thus relieving two of their friends’ mothers of some junk – and my husband picked up Kate Winslet for 20p! Well, a video, obviously, but he’s still pretty chuffed.
A couple of weeks before we got married, Hubby was on a pre-planned mission trip in the Darien Jungle in Panama. When he got back to the States, he didn't feel so great. Three days before our wedding, he was slammed with a headache and a fever of 104 and I think some other things. My mom told me to take him to the ER. I did. And the ER was apparently busy or something (even though they didn't look it), and they left Hubby lying on the floor (because he hurt too much to stand up) for about three hours until they got him back into a room.
Night fell. The dawn would bring the roar of Mehmet’s cannon.
But that kind of a day is normal for old people.
To quote my Pastor, ” God has placed within each of us a consciousness and awareness of eternity.
But before we do, please scroll down to see if you are the winner of last weeks challenge, if you are, please leave a message on the post before emailing, I'm having a few problems with emails going to spam lately and I wouldn't want you to miss out on your prize, so if you leave a comment I will know to expect an email from you, and can let you know if I don't receive one.
Normally you would have to follow a link or type in the web address to view our site. Well once you type in www.bearbottomproductions.wordpress.com You will come to our homepage, obviously. There are several buttons next to where the web address is. You have the back, forward, bookmark and export (square with arrow going to the right) buttons. If you click on the export button options come up. Click on the Add to Home Screen button. Enter the desired name for the icon. I recommend just deleting the P and leaving Bear Bottom. Click Add in the upper right of that box. You will now have an icon on your Home Screen just like an app.
I already wrote some notes about the dangers of channeling before, with many of those channeled messages actually dictated by Dark Beings. I likewise cautioned seekers and readers about those messages, practice wise discernment when reviewing them, and realizing for themselves the low value of such materials.
Keep it on, and it rides up to cover the mid-section perfectly.
Short of that, I play the innocent voyeur and live vicariously through what positive energy I do see. I smile as little children giggle hysterically, training their parents to chase after them. I gently step aside as an elderly couple make their way past me, steadying each other, arm-in-arm, safely shuffling by. I feel their warmth and want to be a part of it. And so, I finally step outside myself and offer a big smile and a “Good Morning!” The little woman looks up at me with a knowing twinkle in her eyes and smiles. She doesn’t say anything but conveys nonetheless that we have connected. I pass a middle-aged couple standing off to the side of the path, each staring lead-faced out over the water. I am within a couple of feet of them and offer a bright “Good Morning” to the woman. Her face immediately softens and she gives me a most genuine smile in return and echoes the sentiment. Its affect reverberates within me–how cold her face was before the hello and how warm it was afterwards. That was enough to convince me. From there on I actively set out to say hello to everyone I passed. I spun around to offer amusing anecdotes to couples or groups of people I encountered and interrupted my walk on occasion to have short conversations with people who were alone. It was such an amazing walk, I almost hated to leave.
Coach your child to touch your arm and keep going "Please, to listen to me this is important". Now you get irritated and say "Can't you see I’m busy!?"
Dad died of Stage 4 Renal (Kidney) Cancer... and heart failure due to the fluid building up around his heart and lungs. That fluid was more cancer, trying to take over. When they found him, collapsed in the hospital room, they tried to revive him. Three doctors tried CPR. His body had given up the fight... and I am pretty certain his spirit had lost the will to live. His "fight" died with Mom. Sis said that when she and Bro went to go identify his body (uh, really?), that he had a smile on his face... an amazingly happy smile, that they had not seen in months. I think he knew where he was going, and that Mom was waiting there for him.
Bush doesn't respond too well to questions of gender,
-Plans for the future
It still took time for Michael Carrick to claim the key role he now occupies and it wasn’t until the 12th league game that he started his first game. Between then, Darren Fletcher was used before illness ended his campaign, Park Ji-Sung was tried out and Giggs was deployed centrally. Every move hinted at Ferguson attempting to replicate the passer and mover idea he prefers.
*Please don't judge my photo quality. Despite having an excellent camera, I didn't discover it was on low-resolution until the LAST day. An epic meltdown followed.
Feed it cheap crumbs.
In the Chikwaka Reserve, Makwara, the son of Mashonganyika asked a part of the country for his sons and Chikwaka agreed to give him the part which lies between Goromonzi office and the Umtali/Salisbury railway line. On the east the boundary i the Nhoro River with the country of Chief Rusike. Makwara gave Chief Chikwaka on ox to thank him for that land.
He shared his encounter with a PR grassroots leader who never harbor the intention to settle in Singapore:
Here is what the results were as of two minutes ago:
In my opinion the best holiday of the year! I will do a little explaining for those who don’t know.
There is no better place to be a motorcyclist than the bay area. The weather is just about perfect most of the year, and the quality and variety of roads is unbeatable. I really can't see myself living anywhere else.
This is currently under construction is the most common types of home locks. Design standards from the people, the plan may make changes to make it work better for your lifestyle. Maybe in a window or floor plan, or it is necessary to Log Home Kits increase the size of the room where you will be back. These changes are not difficult or expensive. In some cases, the feature is to create a completely unique design that has been listed as one of the other.
So I wasn't initially going to bother canning chicken. I already store the store bought chicken in a can, which I don't mind the taste of, and it stretches pretty far. However, curiosity got the better of me as so many people sing the praises of home canning chicken. To make it interesting I decided to can boneless thighs and I used re-usable canning lids.
new-ish show on NBC about the lives of some theater people in NYC – we watched the first seven episodes during the day/night that we were sick and watched the remaining three episodes the next night after the kids went to bed. Addicted. So once we recovered that we got going on all the projects. We dove straight in and worked on everything all at once in hopes that we’d get it all completed
While devotionals focus on the Scripture, personal experience pieces focus on the story. How has God used what you learned in a quiet time to help you deal with something in your life? How did you use the Scripture passage to grow through the experience? What did you learn?
Real Capital Analytics tracks the volume of national industrial property sales and offerings over time. Interesting to note not only the fall in volume, but the “gap” between offerings and actual sales.
Find out here if the Sony DSC-T5 is right for you.
Run 200 meters (out and back)
I could sleep while it snows,
A good swing requires strong, flexible muscles in your arms. To enhance arm flexibility as well as strength, do stretching exercises as well as working out. You can also aid flexibility by getting regular arm massages. Massage, in particular, keeps joints and muscles loose, and optimizes your range of motion. Yoga is another way that you can make your torso and arms more flexible, helping you achieve a smoother swing.
Ink: PTI's Summer Sunrise and VersaFine in Black Onyx
422100 Paper & paper products
I am grateful for the joy she brought into my life
Resolve to not do anything
almost summer
L.A. Confidential
The broad-leaved trees were showing little by little their first green leaves. Still a bit shy, but they were there.
Lis was kind enough to give me a lift to the Hollywood and Highland station so I could grab the train back to the hotel. We made a quick detour on the way: she took me to Miracle Mile! I told her about how I saw the movie Miracle Mile just before I left this most recent trip so she took me to the main area where they filmed. Even the restaurant is still in there, though it's no longer 24 hours, and we passed by the tar pits. Holy crap!
Who could this cover? An American citizen living in Michigan makes a one-time donation to a non-violent humanitarian group. Years later, the group commits hostile acts against an ally of the U.S. Under the NDAA that just passed Congress, if the President determines the group was “associated” with terrorists, the President is authorized to detain the donor indefinitely, and without charge or trial.
I don’t know exactly when or why
Beware.
with happiness earned
Poehler: Hi.
Christianity, in America at least, has become largely an event for spectators. We show up on Sunday and take it all in then go about our week as usual. But that’s not God’s design.
I'm also amazed at how many people put energy into hating bands at all anyway. The amount of hate Justin Bieber gets is unreal. I'm just indifferent to bands or types of music I don't care for I guess. I focus my attention on the stuff I like.
“Past tense!” I raised my voice, “I changed my mind!”
2 composition
I whipped up a batch of this simple dough that I used to make for the kids back when I was teaching preschool. You can add a few drops of flavoring extract (orange, strawberry, vanilla) to make scented dough, but my son is young and I didn't want to confuse him ("It smells like food. Why can't I eat it?"), so I left it out.
Heb 10:25 (NIV) Let us not give up meeting together, as some are in the habit of doing, but let us encourage one another–and all the more as you see the day approaching.
The gala helped raise funds for amfAR, which is dedicated to the support of HIV/AIDS research, and also kicked off 2012 New York Fashion Week.
So early on Monday morning, we hied ourselves to downtown Oakland (always charming) and located the Country Recorder's office. It was surprisingly easy to find, and surprisingly easy to find street parking (albeit metered parking).
She was excited because this little boy has never heard of God. He doesn’t know Him or anything about Him. As she talked I continued to remember the verses that came on the screen after the “Go Ye Therefore” Banquet the other night.
So, as is my habit, I go online and check the daily news. And I'm hit right between the eyes by these stories -- these all too typical examples of the way America is changing (coming apart at the seams). All this in just one unremarkable day (keep in mind that this kind of "unravelling" goes on almost every day):
Consider robbing Peter to pay Paul, if Peter has more than he needs and Paul doesn't have enough. As I mentioned up front, this first of my three-part memory-for-MIPS blog entry is focused on making the best use of the memory already allocated for your DB2 buffer pools. That doesn't mean that you can't make a pool larger -- you can, if you decrease the size of another pool by the same amount. Suppose that buffer pools BP2 and BP3 are both sized at 40,000 buffers each in your system. If the read I/O rate for BP2 is 20 per second and the rate for BP3 is 2000 per second, I'd seriously consider taking a big chunk of BP2's buffers away and giving them to BP3 (for example, you might take BP2 from 40,000 down to 20,000 buffers, and take BP3 from 40,000 buffers to 60,000. Such a move might put a serious dent in the high read I/O rate seen for BP3 without substantially increasing the read I/O rate associated with BP2.
as long as I’m altered, and nothing is still.
What it’s really like being a supermodel
Into these waters, washed over
Police estimate she has spent more than four million won (£2,000) to take the written test, with each test costing 6,000 won, in addition to other expenses.
Absolutely stunning! The papers are just gorgeous!
Other than going to church (where I will be involved in a different perspective of material), until I leave for class Monday morning; if you need me, Here I Am.
Randy Singer’s “The Last Plea Bargain” is a gripping story about the intricacies of the justice system and how far both defense attorneys and prosecutors will go for their clients and reputations. From the first page to the last, Singer never disappoints. As a veteran trial attorney, Singer has been called the Christian John Grisham. He was recently a finalist with John Grisham and Michael Connelly for the inaugural Harper Lee Prize for Legal Fiction sponsored by the University of Alabama School of Law and the ABA Journal. Click here to visit his website.
- I got a job as a preschool teacher. -
See you Monday everyone!!
Eddie: Oh, so speaks the woman whose head has been lolling around like a bladder on a stick for the best part of the journey. Read the maps, get the maps.
One thing I've learned is that it doesn't get any easier - you just set the bar higher as you go. And there are always going to be people who are more successful than you, so why worry about it? I've also discovered that authors, and children's authors in particular, are some of the maddest, funniest and kindest people in the world.
I expect he'll attach some shots
Enough is enough?
Bloody Sunday killed superstition, the old faith in a just Tsar, and unleashed a tumultuous rage among the masses. Father Gapon was soon forgotten, ‘his priestly rode’, wrote Trotsky, ‘a mere prop in the drama whose true protagonist was the proletariat’. A huge wave of strikes swept the country, paralyzing more than 100 towns and drawing in a million men and women. Throughout the summer peasants rioted while terrorists struck at figures of authority.
my jeffrey.
Add the steep water and 3 pounds of extract, turn heat up. Boil for 60 minutes, adding the hops (all pellets) at the intervals listed above. At 5 min. add the rest of the extract, the sugar, and the chiller to sanitize it.
Last Friday's queues were waiting for their first chance to get their hands on new $200 million and $500 million notes – and to access a new weekly withdrawal limit worth $500 million, rather than $100 million.
The crux of two years. What is a life worth if you only ever live two years of it?
In a Publishers Weekly article, Mr. Lu addressed the question of the possibility app support for the iPhone, iPod, and Android as well as publishing original manga through the app by simply saying that there’s “more to come”.
A few post ago I did one on map comparisons featuring Hugo's Healing Potions. Well, meet the lovely face of Hugo. In the second issue you will get a fully developed specialty healing shop you can plop into any fantasy type campaigns. Includes the map, personalities involved, shop description and adventure hooks. And probably my favorite feature of it is my Random Customer table. So when the players walk into the shop, it has a life going on.
The book includes cases covering the entire field from unfair competition over trade secrets, copyright, trademarks to patents, wherein only one of the cases is a purely patent law case. The cases are explained in detail in a language that is not always easy to read. However, it gives a good impression on the course of litigation procedures
A few photos from our Spring Break
Once we finally got the swing of things around here, and he was content for longer than a few minutes at a time, I began eating normal again. My body was like, "Whats this? Food? Heck yes! We're going to hoard this!" And I gained weight. Again. Like 10 lbs.
3. Place the fish in a small pan with the bay leaf. Pour in just enough milk to cover the fish. Bring to a simmer and cook gently until the fish flakes.
And I would like to direct Mr Amis to authors like Philip Pullman, Garth Nix and Diane Duane. These consistently write fiction that NEVER talk down to children - in fact, Philip Pullman deals with complicated physics theories and a discussion on the nature of God!
Next up from Saint Arnold will be Saint Arnold Winter Stout, which will begin appearing in stores in early December as supplies of Saint Arnold Christmas Ale are depleted.
This year, Dustin and I decided we want to live in this little town.
Is seated in the center of the will’s awareness,
“Eclipses mean changes and new beginnings. The only way to claim your beauty, your wealth, your health, and your love is to see it in others. For the world mirrors your own reflection. If you do not feel worthy and prosperous, you see that in your own reflection. Do not focus on depreciation: instead focus on appreciation. Allow what you have ownership of to gain value through you. You receive value when you see the value of others. You gain your beauty when you see the beauty of others. You gain wealth when you rejoice in the good fortune of others. Their good fortune means that your good fortune is right around the corner. Every minute of every day you too shall be blessed if you quietly bless others.”
They also roughed up newsmen in both incidents.
Mr. Voss began his career as a tiny shop. Selling light bulbs to whoever came in with a Bible and a prayer in their heart.
Randy
an unappeasable transformation
Today I am giving away a Large Ad Spot (30 days) on my blog to one of you readers to bring some attention your blog or your shop, or whatever you want promote! You can decide when you want to start your Large Ad, it can start whenever you want!
I am a big fan of the BLT and would love to shake the hand of whoever the genius was behind putting together this magical combination. A few weeks ago, I had a BLT craving. After I got home from the grocery store, I realized that I forgot to pick up tomatoes. It didn’t surprise me. I don’t go near the tomatoes at the grocery store, with the exception of maybe a pint of grape tomatoes every few months. I don’t like grocery store tomatoes at all, but a craving was a craving!
-Fear that child would be removed at any time (too much uncertainty)
W. G. Sebald – I’m curious about this writer
I had talked several times with a close friend "A" over the 13 months about the situation and she was great to cheer me up when I was down or just listen when I needed someone to talk to. During Feb. 2011, we had one of our talks. I expressed to her my huge concern that I would be HORRIBLE as a stay at home mom. My kids are used to going every day to school, a strict learning schedule while at school, crafts, entertainment, interaction with other kids, routine, etc. I was trying to figure out how in the world I was going to keep my kids happy, keep them learning, etc. I had lots of doubts and fears and nightmares about this....LOTS. "A" was great and listened to me whine about my situation. After I finished, "A" said (and I will semi quote her)....You know that God has great plans for you. I am sure as soon as you come to terms with being an official stay at home mom, God is going to do something. He just wants to know you trust Him...have faith in Him...and are letting Him be in control. I left there knowing she was 100% right, so I started making a list of things to do with the kids....park visits, story time at the library, pool days, zoo days, etc. I was making our little schedule that would take place when the kids were pulled out of school. I was beginning to get excited about all the things I had on our list.
Goodbye my lover.
Iron your bandana with the ribbon on the other side to fuse the bandana to the ribbon.
Here is how I will have the students make their own copies. We use this format for our 6 Step Vocabulary in Texas History. I learned this from a friend in another school, and she learned it from someone else, and so on, and so on, ... Students begin with a sheet of notebook paper:
Now that I'm home, I plan to start duplicating some of these tags. Maybe not exactly, but at least in concept. More than likely, several will have my own twist only because I'll get hit in the head with a major idea while working on them.
Have you ever been really hungry? Have you ever had a craving for a certain kind of food? Hunger is a tremendous human drive. Jesus said that He was the “bread of life” and if we believe in Him, we won’t be hunger again. But He wasn’t talking about alleviating our physical hunger. Instead, Jesus is talking about another kind of hunger; a hunger just as real. It is a spiritual hunger, a hunger of the soul. Just like a physical hunger, you can have many soulful cravings. These craving come from the needs of our heart. You may have a taste for love to fill your heart. Many people have a hunger for inner peace, joy and happiness. There are also hungers that are born out of unfulfilled needs like a hunger for recognition, love and intimacy. Of course there are more base unspiritual appetites too, like lust, greed and materialism. Jesus knows our real hungers. He knows what will really satisfy our deepest needs. So today, hear the words of Jesus, “I am the bread of life. He who comes to me will never go hungry.” Come to Jesus. Feed on His teachings and the personal relationship that He offers to you. He is the only one that can truly satisfy your hunger.
Together, you will go out and interview people in your neighborhood about the neighborhood’s important issue OR the Republican candidates, and by 11:59 p.m. Friday, February 17, you should EACH have posted a 450-600 word news story on the Reporting 1 blog. Pro tip: I’d suggest you have this written/saved as a draft the night before and that your group carefully look at each other’s drafts. See the final sentences of this part of the midterm.
One of our favorite non-anime shows on television is Treme, in for no other reason than because for large chunks of the show, there is nothing happening save the playing of music. Jazz, Blues, R&B, Rock…Bounce…doesn’t matter; those moments are why I watch. No dialogue or plot can compare to the pure, primal, eclectic languages being spoken. This week, there was one of those moments: an impromptu jazz session; Kaoru’s first, which perfectly and effortlessly captures both his initial jitters, to finally settling down and having fun.
During my father’s first trip to Florida in about five years, he and my mother took me to Super Target. The spending spree to fill Brian’s stomach had begun.
Today I start to clean out the piles and piles of stamps I have collected over the years! I was a StampinUp! demonstrator for several years and I thought I had to have them all! Well! Most never even got put together! The ones that were mounted rarely, if ever, got used! Its like everything else, I like the "getting", not so much the "using".
There’ll be no more from now on
Blessings to all!
The thing that burst the anxiety bubble for me was later this afternoon when I tried to get a post-nap Josh to drink some water. He did but then promptly threw up all over his bed, himself, and me. It was completely ridiculous. I just had to laugh. Really? Is this really happening?
Beau met with an orthopedic surgeon on Wednesday to discuss removing the tumor that is in his arm bone. They have decided to do it this Monday, August 9th. The surgery will invlove removing 17 cm of Beau's right upper arm bone, starting at the ball in the shoulder joint and extending downward, as well as tissue surrounding the tumor site. The bone will be replaced with a rod of some sort. Beau will spend 5 to 7 days in the hosiptal in Houston. He will have to wear a sling for 6 weeks and then begin 4 to 6 months of rehab back at home.
Therefore, grey, as we know it, can actually have any undertone,
So once again, you have room to
Kogii Kogii: 02-543-4244 in the back streets of Apgujung Rodeo.
I infused cream and milk with loose-leaf jasmine tea, strained it, and then tempered egg yolks with the warm liquid. Then I put it back on the stove and cooked it over medium heat, until the mixture thickened into a custard. I could have eaten the custard as-is at this point, perhaps poured over pound cake or fresh fruit, but fortunately I was able to resist, and instead let the mixture cool in the fridge.
We then catch up with Lilly drinking coffee in a diner. A male patron comes to her booth and starts aggressively hitting on her, although she shows absolutely no interest even telling a waitress the man is bothering her. He doesn't listen to the waitress and Lilly elbows him in the throat when he sits next to her.
Not taking either food, heat, power nor shelter over my head, transportation, weather conditions or accessibility in various shapes for granted. Nor health it turned out.
I spent the rest of Mother's Day chilling with my family. A couple naps, a giant 5 Guys burger for dinner, cards and flowers from my family, perfect. I hope you all had a wonderful Mother's Day too!
I started saving £5 a month many years ago when I earned £80 per week, my rent was £40 of that. It was back breaking work and very hard to put that £5 aside, but I did it. The years went by and I increased the amounts as I could, I couldn’t yet afford a pension yet so at least I thought I should increase the savings slowly.
The tailing HMMWV accelerated in the direction from which they had just come as the two five-ton trucks did the same in reverse. As the drivers put distance between themselves and their attackers, the small arms fire withered away.
With Cool World, there is not one memorable character, no good set pieces, not even any good human performances - and we have Gabriel Byrne, Kim Basinger and Brad Pitt here! Three of the most expressive actors around!
BLITZER: Mr. Speaker…
I haven’t felt ready to write a post wrapping up the trip until tonight, when I poured myself a glass of wine and sat down…and I felt ready. The trip was amazing. Most importantly, I think it gave Tommy and I the chance to really grow as a married couple and learn to work together better, be more patient, and understand each other’s way of communicating better. I cannot articulate very well the changes there, but I can feel them every day.
She turned back toward the sweet smelling, oddly placed trees.
*If Boy Scouts is too expensive for you, try a Christian program, Keepers of the Faith. For the price of just the book, you can start a club at your church. They have a boys' club called Contenders of the Faith and a girls' club called Keepers at Home. Both clubs have books with units and projects in them, much the same as the Boy Scouts do, only with a Christian undertone (or really, an overtone), and with respect to the differing roles of men and women.
At Cannes, for example, top honors in the Cyber category went to Wieden...and DDB Sweden....The Cyber Agency of the Year Award went to Crispin Porter + Bogusky."This must be galling to digital agencies. For years we ad people had to put up with their smug declarations that we "just don't get it."
Food for thought.
Lucy, through snow, said. “Someone’s coming home, not me.”
Then I read that you can use it to make dishwasher detergent. 1/2 TBSP of Borax + 1/2 TBSP of washing soda in the soap cup + a splash of white vinegar in the rinse cup = the sparkly-cleanest dishes you’ve ever seen for a fraction of the cost of commercial products and with no harmful effects on the environment or bad chemical smells in your house (ever get lightheaded walking down the detergent aisle? Ever think about why?).
2. Snow Flower
O Lord, shatter and bring to naught
Organiser
Yimou, the award-winning director of such movies as Raise the Red Lantern and Curse of the Golden Flower (not to mention the opening ceremonies of the 2008 Beijing Olympics), remade this from the Coen Brothers 1984 cult classic Blood Simple and overlaid it with his stylish and colorful visual sense.
I must apologize for my non-existent online presence these past couple months. As you can tell since orientation uni has consumed my life, mostly in a good way fortunately.
So what will 2011 bring? Well it brings a rather key birthday milestone in September *shakes in boots* but it also brings the possibilities of new stories as I get on with writing while waiting to hear back on 'The Stone Voice'. I am also looking forward to the challenges of a day job that is fast paced, high profile, demanding and great fun due to my fabulous colleagues.
9 small
I did like this book, speaking generally, but since I am giving it 3/5 there must have been few things I didn't like.
The sad part is, I’m finding that I am still doing it as an adult. I am trying to up my water intake so that means I am using the bathroom more. A few months ago, I was hit with a pretty bad UTI. Ended up going to the doctor and getting up on meds for 10 days. Since then, I have been trying to get better at using the bathroom when the urge hits. No more “pee pee dance” party here. Now, there are times at work, and play, where I have to wait a few minutes but nothing really bad and I find a bathroom right away. There are so many bad things that can happen when you don’t use the bathroom when you need to (i.e. constipation, bowel obstruction, UTI).
The song is presented so straightforwardly that by the end it has become monotonous. Only as the song fades out do you hear George's voice start playing with the bluesy edges of the song. By that point its too late.
In this age of evites and emails, invitations seem almost redundant, but I love the idea of having made an invitation for my daughter each year, collecting them up just for her. My goal, eventually, is to frame them up all together, year by year, for her to keep for always.
Song Titles
There's a cuckoo, and one or two thrushes,
Package for 5 nights / 6 days at select Disney Value, Moderate, or Deluxe Resorts
This was a genius suggestion because I know my husband and his family- they aren't real trivia freaks. However- my sister -in -law and my brother- in -law and I are all readers and we remember stuff. Plus we had the advantage of all coming from different backgrounds so we had a different set of info and customs coming into the game.
1 cup cherry tomatoes
the Bible is divinely inspired, but it was interpreted, God’s message was interpreted, by fallible human beings, who were constrained by their knowledge of facts about the universe, for instance, when they wrote. God, who created everything, knew that the size of stars and God knew that the earth was not the center of the universe. And when the Bible says that the stars would fall on earth as though they were little twinkling things, obviously that’s not factual. And so I believe the basic thrust of the Bible, the basic message of the Bible, is epitomized in the life of Christ and in the teachings of Jesus Christ. And I also believe that there is nothing in the Old Testament that contradicts the basic teachings of Christ for peace, justice, humility, love and so forth, and each person’s proper relationship with other human beings and also a relationship with God. So I believe in the miracles of the Bible. I believe that Jesus was come from a virgin birth. I believe Christ died for our sins on the cross. I believe He was resurrected and that we are promised, if we have faith in Christ through the grace of God, that we will inherit eternal life. I believe that God loved the world so much that He gave His only begotten Son. I believe those things, but I know that there are some things as a scientist—my background is in nuclear physics—there’re some things that weren’t understood by the writers of the Bible. I just ignored those
And my point is, that orphan ministry, the loving the unloved or unlovable, the Loving God so much that we are compelled to go and share that love with even orphans, reaches far more than the orphan, it reaches people, it reaches Governments, it reaches leaders, and sometimes, just sometimes, it even reaches the hardened hearts sitting amongst us every Sunday at church listening to a sermon that they can't understand because they don't know what love is yet.
As long as we hold fast to the very end, trusting in Yahushua with every avenue of our life, we can remain hopeful and courageous to the end. With out Yahushua to lead us, by the power of His Spirit, our faithfulness might waver and we might easily be blown away by the winds of temptation, false teachings and even persecution.
Metemgee is ready to serve with your dumplings!!
At our core, unless we are fully enlightened, we all are uncomfortable in some way with our shadow. There are parts of ourselves that we do not like, and certainly that we do not want others to see. When we are presented with the possibility that we may avoid doing the work in our own dirty basements by following a shiny leader on a path to the promised land without turmoil, we sign on the dotted line and project perfection on a limited individual in an imperfect world. We are bound to be disappointed. Disillusionment is just the collapse of illusions that we needed to humbly see beyond in order to evolve. Disillusionment is an act of Grace.
Apparently the deal stems from a complicated procedure worked out as part of the so-called debt ceiling bill that involves both the House and Senate voting on a resolution of disapproval against the increase. President Barack Obama would then have to veto the resolution and Congress would have to try and override that veto.
Close the oven and let warm up for 5 or so minutes. Then let the jam-jars completely cool down in the oven.
I needed some time to focus on me... meaning... my family, my health, my etsy shop, and other me things...
I never used Picnik....or at least not very often...
This week's challenge has been set by me!!! Carly!!! and i've picked the theme....
Kids Organic uses 100% certified organic cotton for super soft clothes and natural chemical free dyes.
As One Devil to Another feels like I have just come upon the collection of letters from one demon to another demon and get to eavesdrop. You can’t help but feel some sympathy for Scardagger and the other demons who know where they are headed and that they can’t possibly win.
04. Shaking hearts 4:09
Gentle readers,
Little Kittens (or more commonly known as Saffron Scented Cornish Hens) serves two to four, depending on appetite size.
For a short time in the spring, Yellowstone National Park opens the roughly 50-mile section of road between park headquarters in Mammoth Hot Springs, Wyo., and West Yellowstone only to bicyclists, walkers or rollerbladers. Given the variety of wildlife, the scarcity of vehicles and the sweeping vistas of snowy mountains, waterfalls and boiling thermal features, it has to be one of the most incredible and unusual bicycle rides in the United States, if not the world.
Reading about how he writes the outlines and gives it to other authors to flesh out reminds me of the Stratemeyer Syndicate. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stratemeyer_Syndicate Edward Stratemeyer would be considered the first book series packager. I was devastated as a child to realize my beloved Laura Lee Hope - author of the Bobbysey Twins series - did not exist. Don't go to the wikipedia site if you are worried about having childhood delight in Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew series. At least Patterson is giving his co-authors credit, even putting their names on the books. That was/is not the way many packagers do things. There are ghost writers who don't get the credit they should such as the authors who fleshed out Ann Martin's Babysitter Club titles.
I’m beginning to learn that I write best (or get more done) when I’m able to write early in the morning. There’s an hour to two hour period where Bagpiper has already left for work and Cupcake is still asleep that’s just perfect for writing. Unfortunately, I really hate waking up early, so I’m still trying to adjust to attempting to be up at 5am every day. Some days it works, others it doesn’t.
Authentic souvlaki is served with a half a lemon and some extra Greek oregano sprinkled over the meat and potatoes. For a little healthier option, try using these oven fries.
So why the lecture on I.Q.?
Of course, the problem that both are consistently unable to confront is that people don’t think that either coalition partner is taking the tough route. They and their parties are widely seen as opting for an easier programme of screwing the less well-off and where child benefits are swiped from families faster than you can say
I have to live with today and enjoy every tiny bit of time that we have as a family…
We see this principle of the nature of reality and representation also in the chess pieces he claimed to have carved, he claimed he’d carved the other pieces (pawn, rook, bishop, queen, king) but not the knights, which he claimed somebody else had done who was a skilled craftsman. But through empirical research and ‘reality’ we see that it was actually somewhat the other way around and we can trace here a reversal in that it was the knight that he had carved and the pieces skillfully made on a machine. Skillfully made machine somewhat knights that are in fact made more crudely than the others in ‘reality’, a strange twist to the tale of the real and its representation. Again, as in chess, things are not what they seem and as cut and dry. His knights diverge from those of the orthdox chess world, such as the Staunton figures, popular in the day and those made in the French Regency-St George period. Yet at the same time the pieces besides the knights and the kings, remain somewhat conventional too. Perhaps indicating to posterity, perhaps unintentionally that one can depart from the traditions of the past greatly ( 2 kings and 2 knights) without actually changing that much and still produce freedom, and hence the the Sophian Venusian river rolls through and out of traditions and sometimes departs radically from them, and sometimes alters slightly. I try to incorporate these features in this blog. Thus we shall see old forms and new as well as radical departures. Corruption dodging in the dance of love is the way and as Lady Wisdom and Erotic Love move towards freedom, so do we, for she is ourselves, collectively and individually. This is further reinforced with the knight, mainly horses head, being derived from the shape of an art nouveau violin case, thus linking the change to this artsistic stream of art nouveau and to music, which is very apt when one considers a few things, one, that psychedelic art had its surrealistic and art nouveau edges, not to mention its music (violin case), its victoriana and edwardiana beside, and in these regions of the imagination, in psychedelic poster art, we often see a cosmic dancing Lady figure. Trails of Venus Sophia indeed! Dancing in the most curious places. Also we see elsewhere how Psychedelic poster art somewhat relates not only to Alice in Wonderland (wherein we see chess storyland connected illustrations), lyrics of Jefferson Airplane’s White Rabbit aside, but to the surrealistic version of Alice in Wonderland, the illustrations of Salvador Dali himself (in ’69), which echo the art of him who worked for Hunter Thompson, Ralph Steadman, whose version of the illustated Alice realm of chess story lands in 1967, resonates with Dalis. although Dali had no intention of this, both existing thus, one without each other being aware of the other and resonating. And why make the comparison with things future of Duchamp in his art nouveau violin case knights that have departed from the chess sets of the day? They are also resembling the Futurist tinges of the arts, which in the future indeed onwards from this chess surrealism, comes in the chess tints in the psychedelic as in Steadman’s illustrations of Lewis Carrol and also weaving its way into the psychedelic psyche via the Jefferson Airplane’s White Rabbit and also a chess allusion in Jefferson Starship on their Dragonfly album in the song Be Young You albeit in a negative light, or reflection of a more positive aspect. Jefferson Airplane who arose in the club called the Matrix, is an apt example of how Sophia-Venus leaves her trails in her escape from the classicist prisons that have gone dry and cold, forgotton and lonely, dusty and lost in the shadows, Venus Sophia Cassia emerges out intact with her chessboard through the centuries. Makes sense in a surrealistic and symbolist and even divinatory sense, even histrorically. Artists dont aim to preserve common sense anyway and the after effects of things are a part of the process of artistic way, the gradual footseps and dance of the Lady Sophia-Venus as she dances her way outside of the prison through the lattice gateways, portols and windows, especially shedding her military vestments of chess lexiconography along the way. Besides the art nouveau horse departures into future psychedelic scapes we have the absence of the Christian cross on the crown of the king, and thus the seperation of that which is holy from the imperial might, but then the chess king is holy! Duchamp does this as testament to his anti clericalism, but then perhaps he genuinely knows that the emphasis upon the cross is not set in stone to be the central image of the tradition Christ belonged too and in true surrealistic iconoclasm the central idol of the idolistic version of Christ is done away with for the sake of spiritually letting in the real thing that Christ pointed towards to come back in again. Even inadvertantly, outside the wishes of Duchamp himself. It can be seen like this that even if Duchamp never intended it this way anyway. Its not particularly an antagonistic view to Duchamp’s if he had another in mind too and he does say on the front of the brochure ‘Cannot a new set be designed, that is, without too radical a departure from the traditional figures…. Another feature of his chess set is that the queen and king merge somewhat in looking alike as a result of the removal of the cross. The Sophian and Venusian and feminine aspects of Holy Spirit and Christ resemble each other perhaps in a non androgynous state, perhaps in an all female appearing as a male and female duality theme, whatever his intentions are, we can see this way, why not? In chess story land it is so. An emasculated king we may ask? Even that too. Keep the meanings of what he meant and what it means to us open. Multifaceted. Many in the tourney exhibition of 32, especially on various different levels would have agreed with this approach, and lets not forget that here is an example of that what has happened was a happening back then that even those partaking did not know what was happening, as even we now, looking back in retrospect with our imaginations dancing do also not know what is happening. This exhibition under study, and their sets, the sculpture and paintings and how it assembled and was taken down and what was said about by the participants and other things, these are all different than what Duchamp, or anybody partaking, intended in their setting their stones and frames, iconoclastically into the liquid zone. Fluidity and change and tradition maintained, all in one. What an artistic statement!
Ryan Braun, Matt Kemp, the Pope! the list goes on and on (well five more).
What we typically call ‘plastics’ (bags, bowls, bottles et cetera) are not usually very stretchy materials. Some plastic bags can be stretched before they rip but that doesn’t mean they are elastic. You see, what we mean by ‘elastic’ is not just how much it can stretch but also whether the material goes back to how it was before it was stretched. Given a piece of elastic band of a given shape and length, you can stretch it and let go and it will return to its original length and shape as though it didn’t suffer any deformation. However, it you try and stretch a plastic bag, its handles might elongate but, once you let go, they won’t return to their original length and shape. This is the difference between ‘elastic’ and ‘plastic’ materials.
Sure, New York may have a few more Serbian restaurants. San Francisco may sport more foodie attitude.
1) Get to the movie theater exactly 30 minutes AFTER the movie starts and just have Joe sit in there saving our seats until we get there.
They lied about their age, snuck in or went with parents.
Unlike OCS, though, we’re not really competing for anything. At OCS, scoring well and doing your best directly affected where a candidate ranked in the course and their ability to choose their preferred branch. Everyone wants to do well in an Army course, but the rewards for being in the top x % at IBOLC are bragging rights only. I think the Honor Graduate gets a special school slot. The guys who ranks number two? Well, he was number two.
Kudos to San Francisco designers, Mike and Maaike who have designed a simple reclaimed hardwood bookshelf with 7 carved notches to display the world’s most influential religious texts ingeniously on the same level.
5. Bella is a real girl. Sure, she's beautiful, but she doesn't believe it, and she has a few flaws, like her clumsiness, which make her much easier to relate to.
In the seventeenth century, Japan began farming seaweed. The Japanese and other Asian cultures used kelp to treat uterine problems, genital tract disorders, and kidney, bladder, and prostate ailments.
with this recipe
Title: Not Exactly Our World
One of the most important responsibilities I have is to introduce my children to the love of our Lord Jesus Christ and teach them how to live for Him. I have come to realize that they must make that choice to accept our teachings, just as the Israelites had to make their choice to accept Jesus as their Messiah. We know from history that they rejected and crucified Christ–they missed Him and there has been consequences!
If you are looking for SELD lesson plans and the resources to go with each lesson, check out this site by clicking here!
Serving:Serve over ice with a sprinkling of ground cinnamon on top.
I said I’d blog, which is something I don’t actually do anymore.
After that they needed a name for the beers they were creating and eventually the agreed on Troubador. You can read more about the history of the brewery here.
"Fuck."
05. Death To My Hometown
When we change little things about our appearance, they can make a big difference. Last year, I completely revolutionized my hair by changing the part. My whole life, I'm fighting with a natural part that starts over my left eye and angles back kind of diagonally. No amount of product was really effective--by the end of the day, it always kind of went back to this weird part. So one day I just let it happen. Suddenly, my hair takes half the time to do, and I'm able to envision doing other things with my hair. Right now? Growing out bangs. I've had bangs of some sort for as long as I've had hair. And they don't lie flat. The part goes right through them and it just doesn't work. Instead of fighting with it, I'm going to see what happens if I let it win.
“I am looking forward to playing the full 19-game season and winning the Super Bowl,’’ Davis said.
Why don’t you seek rest in my arms
68. Tao is positioned as Main Rapper, and included in the subgroup of EXO-M.
I suppose i just have to think of this way, because i can’t keep beating myself up for this mistake i made while i wasent myself.
I can’t tell you how decidedly perverse this statement is. We don’t design worship to be culturally friendly. The very fact of worship makes it counter-cultural to begin with. Worshiping Jesus Christ is even more terrifying to most people. We are not worshiping a soft cuddly lamb white with wool. The Revelation we read last week said that the Lamb is a Lion, the Lamb was slain, the Lamb is worthy: The Lamb is God! The worship we offer—whatever worship we offer and wherever we offer it—is to be holy and pleasing to God! Culture does not determine the nature of worship: God determines the nature of worship.
.... My exaggerated camera angle doesn't help matters ....
very simple (I think it was actually 'inspired' by a Nigella recipe originally, but I now can't find it, of course). Basically just cook the potatoes (boil or microwave) - just make sure they are still fairly firm otherwise the antlers won't stand-up. The antlers are bread sticks, the nose is half a cherry tomato (held on by a tooth pick) and the eyes are sultanas - voila!!
8. Hard work and sweat are not to be feared or minimized. They feel DARN good!
who have the morals of alley cats and the femininity of a tin of beans. There’s one thing all these people on these shows have in common and that is: they are all young and have not had a lot of life experience.
My mother used to call it “petering out”.
On a highway in the night.”
Recent claims include an account from El Salvador described by CNN affiliate Seattle TV station KIRO as very similar to the Colombia scandal, involving members of the Secret Service and other government agencies.
He said had there been people support for Herbyar Mari, there would have been his influence in at least three Tehseels of the province.
There’s now a small gap where they need to wait for the votes to come in, lines close at 9pm. So the compare is on stage and working the studio nicely. He has four signed cue cards and is playing a game (of ‘who’s the biggest fan’) to determin who should get them. He’s having music from the four coaches played, and the people who know all the lyrics, or who are dancing most energetically will be the winners. It’s fun to watch if nothing else. He keeps the audience engaged while we wait and nothing is going on.
Yeah for me !!
The MV teaser shows us rapper JunHyung lying on the floor (supposed to be ‘dying’ ?) and received a breathe mask from a red dress girl. Then the teaser continues to tease by showing BEAST members GiKwang and HyunSeung dancing in the rain topless!
Given that I’m one broke lady at the moment, buying a whole bunch of shit for the front garden didn’t really seem like a viable option. But there was candy, oh yes, there was candy. I didn’t take pics of the kids that came to the door in their various outfits (soooo cute!) because that would definitely have been considered weird here, but I participated, and loved the ritual of it. They knock. You open. They say “Trick or treeeeeeeeat!”. You hold out your bowl of candy. Then the most difficult part of the ritual takes place: choosing! This piece…no, no…*this* one…but I like that one too…ermmmmm… Why? Another rule: kids are only meant to take one piece of candy per house. And the kids are actually very good about it! I was blown away! No little fists reaching in and grabbing as much as they could; just a look, moment of internal conflict, resolution, selection. Following by Mom or Dad adding from the back: what do you say? “Thank yoooooou!” It’s really kinda cool. Apparently, some people, if they are going to another house to hand out candy with friends, will just leave a big tub of candy on their porch with a sign that says: Please only take one. Seriously! Yet another reason why this would never work in SA!!!! It might not always be that honest (see the advert below) but it’s still a damn side more “decent” than what would happen at home, methinks…
“Mine house shall be called an house of prayer for all people.”
Similarly, I seem to recall that Alexander the Great invaded India, and that he took himself an Asian bride. His lonely soldiers had been away from home for twelve years, so you can be damn sure they mixed with the locals. I am sure we would have a whip round to fly Bonnie out to the Punjab so she can tell the Punjabis they have to give up any claim to their homeland because they are part Macedonian. However, I suggest she makes sure her medical insurance, and will, are up to date first.
This schedule has been going on for awhile, and to say we are sometimes grumpy about it, is an understatement. He is stressed out with studying, pressure of grades and doing well, and being tired, while I am tired of working all day and coming home to, well, nothing. We have both been feeling very lonely lately, and the other day we had a dumb argument over something stupid (like most couples right?) We had just snapped.
This is another OJ but this time, the New York Times is failing to lead the two-step of the racial narrative. Sorry, all you verminous little reality reversers at Amerika's newspaper of record, your Lies are too easy to see through this time. (The arrogance of the Diversity Komissars of 42nd Street, thinking they can continue to spew a ridiculous storyline despite its total absence of plausibility, and especially, in light of a growing consortium of free-thinking people now getting their news from the internet and alternative sites like this one).
Somehow I stumbled upon the website of Hollywood trained makeup artist and beauty consultant Huda Kattan, Huda Beauty. She is stunning. And after looking at her work and video tutorials, extremely talented as well. In her videos, she applies makeup to her own face, explaining the process and techniques while she goes, as well as what brushes and products she's using. I swear I've now watched about every single one. And the nice thing is that they are only about 10 minutes long, so it's not a huge time commitment to learn some new makeup skills.
Moloko Plus from A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess
~Deputy Presidential Spokesperson Abigail Valte
I took Trout with me up to Chattanooga last Saturday to check out the market they have set up along the Tennessee River to see if I want to participate. I don't. Its way too hard. I was a little worried about taking Trout because she doesn't like little children - and by that i mean three feet tall or less - and she can also get aggressive towards other dogs when she is on a leash. V and I decided to split the dogs up for a while because their pack behavior was bad on Halloween night -they rushed the door anytime someone knocked and we couldnt make them get off or sit or do anything. So I took Trout and he kept Koby and we are working on having them stay seated when the door opens and waiting for a command to go through the door.
The rainy season is approaching fast and the neighbour encouraged the monks to go ahead with the levelling works, before the rains closed down work for a year...thus the bulldozers....while they got on with the registration.
Do we really have to have dinner tonight? I don't feel like it.
Actually, they are of the same size. But, we perceive differently because our brain compares its size to its surroundings. The right circle seem smaller because it is surrounded by bigger circles.
Although it looks nice on its own, I think that to get the best from it, you should layer it over another blusher. I tend to layer it over blushers with little shimmer in them. I know it's hard finding a decent matte blusher so I use the next best thing.
3. Every Christian who walks in the sins of the spirit such as: jealousy, pride, murmuring, and a critical spirit, while condemning people outside the church for their sins of the flesh (Gal. 5:22-26).
But lets be honest here I love it – Competitive Dads are rife in Surrey. The important thing, I reminded myself, was to make sure the 8 year old got a chance to participate in the creation.
The robin is not chirping cheerily of cheeriness,
So, right after Cameron and I arrived in Germany we found out that we were expecting again. Needless to say, it didn't work out. So, the German hospital scheduled me a D&C becuase of my history. Anyways, it's a VERY simple out-patient procedure, I've had 2 before this... no problems. So, I wake up in the hospital bed and they tell me I have to say the night. WHAT?! The night... there's no need for me to stay the night and my husband is a medic. He can handle any emergency situation. So, I stay because they tell me I can't leave.
(3) Rupert Murdoch, whose mess at the, thankfully now defunct, very seedy News of the World, is still being sorted through at the Leveson Inquiry, seems to be free to produce a new newspaper starting this weekend. Free press is a great thing, of course, but the price is quite high, it seems.
74. Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
Annabelle and Daisy’s venture into t-ball was, all in all, a lot of fun.
Recycling facility formally opened
P.S. Are you willing to support the Israeli merchants in Trondheim? Come to the MIFF meeting on Wednesday, March 7, and buy their products.
Hilarity aside, we do of course take the service we offer to our guests seriously. Our aim is to ensure that they have a comfortable and delightful stay and return home refreshed. Hubby and I always want our guests to feel at home in our B&B, and the bonus comes when we find common ground with our guests, enjoying fun, laughter, sharing and chats together. Now, this is the reason why we continue to do what we do – and the reason why we still enjoy running our B&B.
We celebrated our 46th wedding anniversary while we were away - 46 years spent with the love of my life. I have been so blessed.
I've wrapped up a few custom jobs this week and got to try printing on wood veneer. I was skeptical at first but was happily surprised that the wood didn't warp under the pressure of the press. I was also satisfied with the clean transfer of type, but that just might be because of the quality of the magnesium die. I'm going to try using my large wood type on these and hope to see the grain of the wood through the ink! Makes me shiver just thinking about it. There isn't a whole lot of an impression in the paper, but I'm not at all disappointed in that. I just love the change from paper to wood and experiments like these. So much so that these beauties just might end up as the new s + t calling cards and product tags.
This is my 2nd post and challenge for today! If you are looking for the Paper and Such challenge post, please click HERE!
Michael is concerned that his departure will leave a literary void. “The library is closing for three months too. The village won’t have an obvious book outlet for the festival. It will be a bit odd.”
And a friend who will always be there.
Over 300 gifts valued at approximately $20 are distributed at the party!!
Tanner hunched over the wheel of the speeding HMMWV and flexed his shoulders as he fishtailed slightly around a tight corner in the gravel road. He had been driving hard, pushing the limits of the vehicle as well as his driving skills, for nearly two hours. The HMMWV regained traction and straightened out as Tanner tilted his head to the left and cracked his neck.
C loves watching the show American Pickers on A&E.
As soon as I parked up by the church (which you might have seen in Downton Abbey)I knew it was all going to be a resounding success. The little Cotswold stone building (which featured as the cottage hospital in Downton)was draped with bunting made by the local Primary schoolchildren. By the time I got to the entrance, the demonstrators had arrived from the Market Square and were being addressed through the loudhailer.
I do not want our world to loose the Fijian culture, the Mexican, Scandinavian or Peruvian cultures, nor do I wish the world to lose our white, British, culture, there is no conflict between the two, both are essential to the preservation of our world and they do not mean I hate anyone.
He loves people but he's a little more introverted.
538 D-III/27/1963. “Plato’s Meno, Geometrically Considered,” The Classics Honor Society, Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois.
So this is going to be the last of the desk building posts before we assemble the thing tomorrow. Yep, that is right, I said it. Assemble. It's been 74 days since I posted here that it was our next big project. It's been at least 54 days since we started building here. I think it's about time we finish it. (Well of course we won't be completely finished. We still have to figure out how we're going to attach our simple door to the cabinet that will hide the computer and things like the modem and wireless router.)
Brian O’Halloran (Dante) lacks even the most basic acting skills and is the Xerox machine of humour (by the way, have you heard of Nair?)
We are called the silent ranks but it’s never said why we are silent. I’m here to tell you it’s because we are waiting. We are holding our breath. It’s easy to be silent when you’re afraid to exhale. We wait…on letters, phone calls, emails and homecomings. But there’s more. We wait on training schedules, new commanders, duty rosters and dates for the field. We wait for leave approval and four-day weekends. We wait for dinner or else someone has to eat it cold. We wait for orders, Transportation, dates, and housing. We sometimes have to wait on Christmas, birthday and anniversary celebrations. We wait for phone calls that will always come at the worst possible moments and require you to give up a perfectly wonderful Saturday evening. We wait to see what last-minute changes will happen because we all know there will be some. We wait on life filled with uncertainty. We don’t usually see it that way though. To us, we are loving a soldier and couldn’t imagine life any other way.
So I help him into the tub after I get the babies into the living room. They are screaming, but I remind myself that they are OK. Walker is burning up. There is puke in the van. I still have scabies laundry to do. There is still melon all over the high chairs from breakfast. I send Brad a text, he says don't worry about the van. I am reminded again why I think he is so fantastic. I smell a stinky diaper. I take care of it, and at the same time pull Walker's booster seat out of the van and set it in the driveway. The babies bang on the window letting me know they'd appreciate lunch. I figure the sun is a disinfectant of sorts. I go check on Walker. He is ready to get out of the tub. I get him some clothes and a blanket and a pillow. I half-wrap him in a towel and realize that this baby is a giant and is not easily wrapped up anymore. And he is burning up. And the babies are screaming. I help him get dressed and get his splint-walking boot thing back on. He wants to watch TV, our antenna is not getting PBS today. I have no clue how to get netflix on the xbox. I send more texts to Brad. I get the high chairs wiped off and get the babies settled in for lunch. A cup of milk satisfies them for the time, while I go back up to give Walker some re-hydration mix from the pantry. Brad texts me about the TV situation. Walker gets that figured out. I come down stairs give the babies some raisins, they are giddy. I am thankful they are so thrilled by raisins. I switch out laundry. Brad says to try some motrin for the burning-up-boy. I go upstairs, he's chatty, we try motrin. He grabs the trash can. You can figure it out. More texts to Brad. Back down stairs to cut up some cheese and turkey for the babies. They are thrilled again... I eat some turkey too. Back up stairs with Tylenol and a syringe to give 1ml at a time to see if he can keep it down. Oh and benadryl to help with the nausea. Back down stairs to refill the high chair trays with cheese and turkey, and a few crackers. And I think Walker would like some crackers too, so I bring some up to him. The xbox is frozen, more texts to Brad. I remember I'm supposed to drop off a snack at PWOC tomorrow. I realize that will not happen. I give the babies one more handful of raisins for a healthy dessert. They clap! I go back up to give Walker another ml of Tylenol, he got the xBox figured out. Smarty. I tell him I am going to get the babies ready for their nap. I pray that they are ready for their nap. I pray that Walker won't puke anymore.
It would lead to different variations on recipes and the editors could add in a bit more tension with “Michael has chosen the black leg chicken imported from Normandy on individual velvet cushions for his Coq au Vin, but has run out of budget for the wine and so is substituting it with Diamond White”.
How vast beyond all measure
Daniel has a hard time keeping things from me so he was acting really weird
Public Library
“What? You DIDN’T eat them?”
A lot of these replica sites are cheaper simply because they use less expensive materials, not less quality materials. For example, on some watches instead of using Noble more expensive metals they use more efficient metals.
In the introduction we were all told that at the recent UAF Wales conference Peter Hain was elected as the Honoury President. This is the same Peter Hain who has served in the Labour cabinet as both Work and Pensions Secretary and the Secretary of State for Wales for a government which has attacked the working class continuously. This is not inconsequential because if we do not recognise the reasons why voters are turning to the BNP then we might as well not bother fighting it. It is clear that there is racism involved in the rise of the BNP, but it is not the sole reason,it is also because of the social deprivation and the betrayals of the Labour Party towards the working class. So we have a situation where many voters are turning to the BNP because of the policies of the Labour Party and the biggest anti-fascist organisation campaigning against this is headed by a former government minister, what a sick joke.
In my non-expert opinion, as a kid, I thought she was messed up. As an adult? I still think at least her BEHAVIOR was messed up. To extend mercy and grace toward her, I'll just say that she probably had reached a point in her career where she already should have retired, and I say that based NOT on her actual age, but on some of the behaviors I'll be describing in this story.
Oops, this picture ended up side-ways, sorry......
The House prosecution panel defied a Senate gag order by showing the media pieces of evidence against the Chief Justice before the trial proper. The panel headed by Niel Tupas insists it’s simply a question of right and wrong. They’re right, Corona’s wrong.
Calories Burned in Yoga: Class by Class
like the weary bones of my grandmother
At the end of 2010 I attended two English Defence League meetings to see how the organisation could be incorporated within a political party and to look at its political intentions for the future. In January 2011 I attended a meeting of the English Democrats council in order to discuss possible affiliation and to talk over their manifesto and political aims. Neither of these avenues progressed further. In April, I wrote to all four leaders of the main nationalist/patriotic parities and group, suggesting unification.
So, what motivates your doubt and how to do you get rid of it?
Suddenly, last week, that all changed. He came home with the prospectus and informed me that he had chosen his subjects and would be staying on a his current school.
3. u watch it by urself lo…haha…anyway its a good story…but the rewind things…i dun like it…
Which is why it was a tad embarrassing, I suppose, when I got my first ever sunstroke in Terrace, BC, Canada, as opposed to Mangalore, India :) But that's a story for another time.
What is your favorite role to perform?
Susan Glatzer
For while, of course, most Muslims repudiate any kind of sexual crime, the fact remains that the majority of those who are involved in this particular kind of predatory activity are Muslim.
That’s what it feels like right now.
It seems that our favorite super rich man, Mitt Romney, was quick and emphatic about offering his support and defense of the 2008 Wall Street bailout. He credited President Bush for acting to avert an economic depression…that is an economic depression for his rich folk colleagues, buddies and business partners.
And yes, everybody says some old axiom about Mondays being the worst day of the week. Everybody wakes up and feels extra groggy, maybe they forget the sugar in their coffee in the morning, and lose one of the files from last week. Mondays are designed to make everybody feel like they are just one step behind normality, and normality had chili for dinner last night…
while we waited for the races to begin
i thought i'd share with you guys a little project i tackled yesterday while sprucing up the ol' living room and kitchen. i've been dying to make some changes around here, and yesterday, some of those changes happened. i'll share more of them with you later, (i haven't had time to take proper "after" pics, and i have a few more things to do!) but let's just say that most of the "making over" involved spraypaint. ahhh, nothing like the instant gratification of spray-on paint.
This I can do. So can you.
The character of Hattie, my ghost, is definitely my favorite. It felt like she was someone I already knew, or maybe someone I would have liked to know. Hattie disappeared from Paterson, Virginia in 1960. She was young, vibrant and beautiful, but nobody ever bothered to look into her disappearance for several reasons: she had no real family, she disappeared when a major hurricane hit the area and she was black.
Her decision was not an easy one. It took guts to toss away the reminders. Sooner or later everything we own becomes junk. Useless items that were never essential to survival but stood as badges of identity and purpose find their way to a new home or the bottom of a hole with food scraps and styrophoam packaging.
Next was Anne, with some lovely cards which you can see here. Four gorgeous cards, all different and all made whilst under the stress of her Mum being unwell and in hospital, plus some other issues. A worrying time Anne and we all send our love and best wishes for your Mum's recovery - better still girls, why not hop over and say hello. I see that Mrs A and Brenda have already been and commented - bless.
02 Walk Away
If you have read this, please PM Katrina or Lean and they will send you the username and password for this WordPress account. If you have questions, clarifications, suggestions, extremely violent reactions, or long letters expressing sadness over the new light peer pressure has taken, then you may also PM them or post it on our Facebook group page.
The above video feature is Simon Potter from Fast-print.net giving one of the seminars on Tuesday 17th of April. Most of the seminars followed the same pattern over the three days with Potter showcasing Fast-print.net with a later cover design session in the afternoon. I'm uncomfortable with a number of perceptions about self-publishing presented here by Potter and Fast-print. Firstly, Fast-print is one of a number of digital printers operating in the UK - and there are many in the USA and other countries - presenting what they do as a 'complete solution' for authors looking to self-publish a book
If you would like to order one you had better be quick, these are flying off the shelves, I wanted to give all our lovely followers a heads up !! :-)
Hex #4 Dec 1985
This week has been really weird after Christmas. With all that’s led up to new years and we just get to sit at home. It’s a rule that we can’t go out for New Year’s. That does mean however that we get to stop working at 6. For us here in the office that means a full day pday again. We’re going to watch Rango and the Blind Side tonight…..probably in Portuguese which is less fun than one would think. Movies just aren’t as cool when you are seeing them dubbed over. Because you expecting to hear one voice and another comes out. It’s weird but It nice to know that when I can get back I can bore you guys by asking you guys to put on Portuguese subtitles. So start practicing hehe. Once again it’s raining and what can you do. Its weird how missionaries just get to the point where rain and other things just go unnoticed.
Volunteer Table Interests Table Committee Table
The question of the week on the adoption facebook pages seems to be whether or not you should request gender when adopting. Seriously? This is what my life keeps boiling down to? When will the gender issues in my own life be over? I keep trying to explain my position on various pages until I'm exhausted. It's like real life. Except now I'm older so I realize, what they say doesn't really matter in the wide scheme of my life. This is MY life. I can make the choices in it with my husband and children and if they are good choices for US....the rest of the world can live with it.
And the best part is that you have your hands free to take photos while you're walking to your next photoshoot.
Aim for the moon and shoot for the stars!
Use power words liberally. Be unabashed in talking about the benefits of your new product, especially as the launch date approaches.
King: Woman, how dare you use Azlah’s name! You shall be killed for doing such!
Roll out the pastry on floured board into 14 in circle. Transfer them onto baking sheet. Heat the oven @ 190C.
what the other has been doing. Bound to each other
Finished size with flap folded over -16" wide x 15" deep
My husband and I have a custom of standing outside and waving goodbye to our kids when they leave from any family gathering. I've been known to run down the street waving goodbye and shouting, "I love you," as their vehicles grew smaller in the distance.
Wedding rings on or off? Off, unfortunately I had to take my rings off at about week 14.
A photo just for fun of the boy who's been noticably absent from this place for quite some time:
I’m back, after some time off for vacations and training.
The same is true with species. The definition of a species is a group of animals that can produce fertile offspring. But what of species that can produce non-fertile offspring? Aren’t they sort of half the same species, part of a whole? But even more importantly, I once read about this type of lizard with a large range north to south. Beginning at the southernmost place they live, each lizard can produce fertile offspring from any other lizard within a certain distance. But the southernmost and northernmost lizards cannot produce fertile offspring together. At which point does it become a different species? Where do you mark the difference?
B: "Grandma"
Finally we got to our concerns that we may have for Evan, and like usual I draw a blank, except for his vocabulary or lack there of. We've been evaluated by the PAT, twice a year since he was born. At our recent evaluation we filled out our annual forms and review what milestones and motor skills he's accomplished or behind in.
As the alarm went off I was, mostly, ready to go. I just had to finish listening to a song. Up I went. I wasn't sure what to do first. The bins, I decided, and they are now in their usual places. Then laundry had to be switched out. I had a few towels left in the drier, the ones I feared would get moldy. They are good (tested one while showering this morning, or they would have been washed again), so I folded and put those away. I also cleaned out the bottom of two of my clothes baskets. I have no idea what cats do in there, or why, but... Yeah, glad I caught that. I'll clean the other basket sometime soon, too. I washed the dishes, leaving the plates and bowls to air dry but I like hand drying my silverware. You can use the spoons to shave with. That's just how I like it. I did a couple of odds and ends between here, there, this, and that too, though they aren't coming to mind. The little forgetme's of cleaning and regulating a home, things often overlooked even when I am running clean. Still, a spit-and-lick now and then at least makes me feel like I'm... taking care. Then I opened up all the windows. It's 72 F inside as such, just right.
and your eyes stare,
The Orpheum was packed for the show. Ed Sheeran is a young gentleman from the UK via Hollywood (or vise versa? He was born in the UK, but moved to LA). There was a considerable amount of hype surrounding this folky-hip hoppstery-beat boxer (seriously he does a variety of things). Immediately I ran into a group of girls excited for Ed! His show was exceptional… I’d say my biggest concern was that it was too short. I’d be surprised if he played more than 4 songs. You can tell he is young and enjoying the crowds. He is still learning how to handle the huge audience… Musically; he was on-point.
Just today she blew on her food to cool it off at dinnertime and I just about died from the cuteness.
Chiodos w/ Hit the Lights and Person L
Today, if all goes well, we're bidding a fond farewell to the Kelvinator in the camp. I'm not sure just what vintage that refrigerator is, but it's got to be about the same age as the model pictured in the ad, which is from 1940. I have a hard time picturing any appliance made today lasting for over 70 years, but our Kelvinator is still muddling along, sort of.
I haven't done my black hole of cupboards yet, so I still have a bit of room for more stuff in here.
Things start off slowly, a thick fog rolls into the town causing electronics to malfunction, cars to start, glass to shatter and all other manner of inconvenient things to happen. A child finds a gold doubloon that turns into an old piece of wood bearing the lost ship’s name, before it begins to leak water, a boat out late in the harbor is caught in the fog and the crew meets its fate at the end of some meat hooks. Later one of the victims is brought into the morgue and the pathologist solemnly informs our characters that the body seems like its been underwater for weeks (DUNDUHDUHDUNNNN!!!!) Night falls again and a more aggressive series of attacks begins. The film cuts between Barbeau, whose radio station is perched atop a lighthouse that overlooks both the bay and the town, tries to warn the people of the danger. Even as the fog rolls in and she finds herself stuck in one of Carpenter’s siege films, (with Carpenter delivering some of the tensest sequences in the film as Barbeau comes under attack first in and then atop the lighthouse) and the team of Atkins and Curtis as they attempt to escape the presence swarming through the town.
The MSN is the node that handles the mobile intelligent network (IN) services.
Is it possible to enjoy copyright over the pose itself? Arguing for the same would leave you liable for a forced IQ test. It is after all akin to saying that the mouth-to-mouth procedure to revive people can be copyrighted. It doesn’t matter if you have your own special procedure of thumping the back and then going about your reviving business. Any attempt to enjoy copyright the same should receive nothing more than an admonishment for wasting the time of the good
Asparagus--cut 1 inch off stalks and store upright in refrigerator using a container with shallow layer of water for up to four days. Asparagus is best if eaten soon after harvest however.
We call out and grieve.
4. This third point is inspired by the Church’s treatment of Galileo. Galileo, of course, was found by the Inquisition to be ”vehemently suspect of heresy” and lived the rest of his life in house arrest. The reason? He dared to suggest, contrary to a plain reading of 1 Chronicles 16:30, Psalms 93:1, 96:10, 104:5, and Ecclesiastes 1:5, that the Earth revolved around the Sun, rather than vice versa. The Catholic Church did not formally apologize until 2000.
Outside, along the fence is that favourite of 1990s heritage consultants, public art in remembrance of the industry that was once here.
The Midnight Reverie Trio, The Awarians and Gasoline will get together on a special evening in order to support a good cause.
A little trashier than Drag Me To Hell, it was still an entertaining (if brainless) watch.
Our scent list keeps growing!
» 12/8 – San Jose, CA @ HP Pavilion
Fulham claimed their first-ever victory at Anfield as a much-changed Liverpool side were beaten 1-0 following Martin Skrtel’s early own-goal, while Cameron Jerome came off the bench to equalise against Everton and earn Stoke a 1-1 draw at the Britannia Stadium.
I hope you can click over and watch this video (since I can’t seem to embed it).
Excerpt: Greek voters enraged by economic hardship mauled traditional ruling parties in an election on Sunday, putting the country's future in the euro zone at risk and threatening to revive the region's debt crisis. The latest official results, with over 50percent of the vote counted, confirmed projections showing the only two major parties supporting an EU/IMF bailout that keeps Greece from bankruptcy would struggle to form a workable coalition.
So….book packaging – creative collaboration or artistic cop-out? Your thoughts, please!
My sister strongly disapproves of many of these names... She seems to be a bit more traditional in terms of names she likes than I am. *Grins* But doesn't a name like Adrian Byrd or Autumn Brook sound just marvelous? I really hope my kids don't hate me for whatever names they end up with!
first of all, I always look a HOT MESS
YES I HAVE ISSUES . . . .
Depaul University
Crew Bios:
The advent of inexpensive Japanese 4-cylinder machines only a few years after the introduction of the Mammut meant that sales were based on bespoke build quality, excellent handling, exclusivity, and charisma in spades - all of which the mass-produced motorcycles lacked. The Japanese 4s did have power though, and to keep ahead, Munch regularly tuned his engines to higher outputs, eventually turbocharging the fuel-injected motor with the 'Titan' model. I'd be interested to try one of them too!
It improves the energy levels of a person and promotes overall well being in a person.
I can understand why the general public have come to this view, without the benefit of seeing the full story. It is not beyond belief. Peoples opinions are often formed on information much less than is being presented here. But, if I form an opinion about somebody, I cannot report this, as fact, to the wider populace. If I printed a picture of somebody on my blog (where it will be seen by many fewer people than will see the back of the Mirror) under the word Murderer based on an opinion without the basis of fact, that person would quite rightly haul my backside through the courts.
25 workers at $10 per day ($250 cost)
Ever the city of opportunity and opportunists, here on the highways, in moving traffic with little clearance, we have sellers of fruit, flowers, and water. I rarely need the flowers or water, but now I regret not having purchased a bag of fruit.* It would have made a nice snack, perhaps a quick chat with the vendor, and not have left me with a story about nothing :)
I'll try to put links up at least one of the times I mention an album or band... but google works, folks, and unless I add a qualifier, I'd say that all the songs (and albums on which they are found, obviously, given the topic) are keepers, and worth a try. Unless you really disagree with my taste in music... which is OK, too.
I am referring to germs, they found us and apparently are tough enough to stand up to the copious amounts of Lysol used in our house. Jack has been sick for the better part of a week, he has been struck with what we thought was strep throat and some sort of upper respiratory virus (para virus) that is lingering and according to our pediatrician has the reputation of causing secondary pneumonia. The poor kid has not been feeling well at all, but I sent him back to school on Wednesday after being on antibiotics for 36 hours, and no fever for 24 hours. He looked awful and had no appetite, but we worry about him getting too far behind. I know, I am a contender for “worst mother of the year” for sure. The kid is smart, really smart, but slow, really slow. Yesterday, he came home from school and it was just the two of us sitting at the kitchen table sharing a bowl of soup. He was so tired he could not hold his head up. He shared with me that he did not feel well, but he liked that it was just the two us at the table. We talked about some very intense stuff, he cried, I cried, and told him that I was happy that he talked with me. I am not sure if it was the fever or the emotions brewing inside, but he needed me and I was so glad that I could be there for him. His fever is better today, but his symptoms are not. I will bring him back to our pediatrician on Monday morning if he is not any better.
You’ll take my word
I used to fear having kids because of what I saw in other moms.
Indigenous leaders dismiss Bush’s views that more research is needed, and point out climate change is already happening. Yefimenko, from the Russian Far East, asserts one can no longer take snowmobiles across frozen lakes and be sure of reaching the other side without sliding in the water. Around the Arctic, water flows in rivers are unpredictable and it’s very difficult for reindeer herders to cross those rivers.
And now we have to draw our final winners.
Here an old scale holds pretty soaps and a towel, but when I placed the coral & starfish on there -- LOVE it!!
1 tablespoon grated orange rind
and speaking of marriage, i read the book "love and war" by john and stasi eldredge a few weeks ago. i've been trying so hard to figure out how i want to describe what it has done for my life and our marriage but i still have no answer.
3) Every SNP council will protect jobs by ensuring a Living Wage is delivered to all council workers by April 2013, and we will also extend the no compulsory redundancy policy to all council workers.
Jaela - Love you Jae Baby
What are your favourite dresses?
~ That you want to have us stop at your blog on the tour... both of us or choose which of us you'd like to pick on.
It changed of course when Ros's glorious pictures came in. And we worked on it as a very committed quartet: me. Ros, Janetta and the Art Director, Judith Escreet. It was published in the UK in April 2010 and in the US in 2011. Pleasingly, it has already picked up foreign editions in double figures but we always knew that there would be an issue in some countries with one spread.
In the middle of the night, when we get up
Oh yeah, "O.O.L.P.", Operation One Less Present...... HO! HO! HO!
Here's what I expect:
comic strips, porno movies, circuit designs, grocery baggings,
feat no cryptologist, linguist, scientist or software engineer has
Total = 12
Viollet-le-Duc is best known for resurrecting Notre Dame from the ruin it had become by the mid 19th century but he also had his hands in a lot of other projects including the restoration of Carcassone in the southwest corner of France and the renovation of Pierrefonds, a castle just north of Paris, that became an occasional residence of Napoleon III. Pierrefonds got its start in the 14th century as a military fortress guarding routes between Flanders and Burgundy. In 1616, Cardinal Richelieu had it destroyed since it was always in the hands of those pesky Protestants. It lay in shambles for centuries until Viollet-le-Duc was commissioned to bring it back to life. And he did so in a manner that he imagined to be true to its medieval origins but ended up being more fantastic and over the top than scholars now believe to be accurate.
As I travelled through station after station not only the landscape and air began to change but so did the people, they became whiter, and seemed more at one with their world than those where I had left that morning. They seemed, more relaxed, more confident and certainly more friendly and I knew why, for they are English, this was still England and it felt as if it would last forever.
I was born at Mt. Zion hospital, in the old wing at Post and Scott, before San Francisco was a "knowledge center" full of "thought leaders," in the dead zone between the counterculture revolutions and the technology boom. They don't have a birth wing any more. It's a cancer research center now. Which you know, I might be grateful for someday too.
I am so glad its sunny. I need to go for a walk to the reserve and clear my head, maybe take some photos of the tress and clouds.
No 'Succinctly Yours' today as I was out all day yesterday enjoying myself, so didn't get time to write one. Instead I thought I'd tell you what I've been up to for the past few weeks.
Ok, so what now? Hmm… how about writing that story, huh? Please, the story’s begging you. It’s down on it’s knees, saying “Oh please, write me now! I might disappear!”
Three Cures For Excessive Sweating
So if you would like to win this souvenir, all you need do is leave a comment on this post. If you put the button on your sidebar, or mention it on your blog/twitter/facebook, then let me know and I'll enter you a second time. I am prepared to send to anywhere on the globe and will leave the giveaway open until midnight GMT on Saturday 12th May. A winner will be announced on the Monday. Good luck!
1 razayya
Ireland’s recent prosperity and opening up has broadened the concept of being Irish. We have increasing numbers of immigrants, not of Irish origin, but living in Ireland, paying Irish taxes and becoming naturalised citizens; their children will be Irish. So also will children born in Ireland to parents who arrived fleeing political or religious persecution or just seeking a better life. These categories are ones that Irish Americans will be familiar with but they are novel for Ireland. In any event, if you are one of these you are also part of the worldwide Irish family.
What this will mean
Tower Tabulator. Serial 5CT 440003T. Made for Sears, Roebuck & Co. by Smith-Corona. If the serial for this machine is also in line with Smith-Corona's production of its own machines, then it dates to 1959. Note the radically different look given this machine through use of a smooth finished paint, and the large chromed logo. What is interesting is that this machine has a serial that runs in the Clipper serial number range, and like the Clippers this machine has the 42-key keyboard and no paper support arms.. but it DOES have a tabulator, albeit a manually-set one. It is interesting to see, in addition, that the serial numbers for the Silent stop in 1957. It would appear that the construction features were blurred between the former Silent and Clipper, and the Silent serial number range ended. This is educated speculating, and more investigation is needed on this sequencing. However, we're on it and the results will continue to appear here.
I found a few tutorials online and felt like I could probably sew the dresses without too much trouble. But when I was in Walmart buying a few last minute items for our trip, I found this pattern for $.97.
I was lucky to be invited to the SEEP Network’s 2011 annual conference to present in a workshop and report for the technical track on vulnerable populations.
Dickwad the III was your average bully, the despotic kind that because of his bulky stature and questionable personal life feels the need to belittle others to give himself a false sense of superiority. I also suspect that his anger was fueled due to his lack of some decent-sized "manhood."
We will award a 'The Shabby Tea Room Tea Time Terrific Top Three' badge to the three most creative projects ... plus, this week only, all the Tea Time Terrific Top Three Winners will receive free images from Tiffany!!! One lucky participant will earn 'The Shabby Tea Room Winner' badge and 10 digi images from Tiffany!
I kinda feel like we are under a weird deadline too
1½ cups rice flour (I used brown)
Resolutely planning ahead,
In Dutch oven, combine apples with water. Cover and bring slowly to simmer; cook until apples are very soft. Pour into colander lined with square of dampened muslin and placed over deep bowl. Weight down with saucer and heavy can. Let stand until dripping stops. Discard pulp.
to the US FDA than any other
Birthday here.
What judgment is coming to them for their great and mighty sins when Jesus who died for all men to be saved tells them Depart from me I never you. I was in prison I was sick and I was poor and you never lifted one finger to help me. When Lord when did we do this to you will these hypocrites ask him. They are so blind to their own sins that they do not even see they are the people Jesus referred to.
So, I used my sick days last week to re-imagine the list.
I am seeing that the purpose of picking up the toys may not be about getting the house clean but it may be about making me a better worker. Perhaps it is better to cook whatever I eat because the work of it will make me stronger and healthier than doing the easy thing or eating out or picking up fast food.
- I can't believe I'm only a few days away from meeting our class of 6th graders. I'm excited and nervous at the same time! I hope they like me. I hope I do a good job. I hope it all starts to come naturally, because sometimes I feel like I'm going to be totally lost once there are kids in those 26 desks! It's going to be so weird to start answering to Mrs. Sorensen.
So here we are, having not gotten a challenge out on time for a couple of days and there’s that huge temptation to throw up my hands and call it a day. Writing can be like that. We have a great idea, get seven chapters into the story and stop for whatever reason, only to find out that later on we have no momentum, and can’t even remember how the next scene was supposed to go.
Dig this far out B-side of the band's only hit, man.
One other thing that was very noticeable was the number of competitors who were smiling (not just at the camera). Competing (or participating) is also about enjoying what you do and living life to the full whether you win a prize or not. Be a participator in life, not just a spectator.
The man in the brown suit patted me on the back, half reassuringly, half in an attempt to make me stop looking for the room that wasn’t there anymore.
Friday night, I literally hopped right into the shower as soon as I got home to get ready for the evening. ALG's beau was in town for the weekend, so as always, the four of us had some fun plans made. We started the evening at Kobe, a Japanese Steak & Sushi restaurant. Hibachi is one of ALG and my favorite foods and Bryce loves sushi, so we all had a wonderful meal. After that we headed to The Tobacco Company, a Richmond classic, for Happy Hour of $1 Rails.
I love ALL of my children! Wouldn't trade them for the world! Most days, KIDDING!!! They ARE my world!! My ENTIRE life LITERALLY revolves around them!!! I am so extremely grateful for the blessings they bring into our family and into our home! I feel really blessed that all three of them got chosen to be in the "active" group of this ASU Autism study! Shoot, just last weekend alone they walked away from their blood draws with a total of $200 worth of Target gift cards! They were $50 each! Jack got 2 cause he had to go back the second day:)!!!! And spent every last dime...and then some ;) Then we went to Crackers for breakfast and you shoulda seen Jacks face when they brought out his ginormous plate of choc chip pancakes!! And he ate nearly all three pancakes! And if you've ever been there, they are not small! Not in the least little bit!! Matt and I shared an item and still had left overs! Holy sidetrack, Batman!! I got caught up in the talking about that food glorious food!! I was saying...I really am so thankful for our bad days. I am. Because our GOOD days FAR out weigh the BAD!!!
07--(05:47)--- Children Of The Future
Last night, as I approached the pivotal moment of deciding whether to change into PJ's or gym clothes - I chose gym clothes. As I told Kyle - I may very well fall asleep in my gym clothes, but I'm not going to the gym in my PJs. I put on my shoes, and went to help put the girls to bed. We came downstairs and I stood at the door to my house. I looked outside at the cold, rainy weather. And I looked at the warm inviting couch. I looked at my tennis shoes on my feet and I looked at my keys hanging on the wall. Then I sat down and fell asleep on the couch.
4 induced
Of this 2002 version, the New York Daily News said: “The movie adds nothing to the political dialogue, and the love story is mood-killingly sad. The lure of the exotic can be deceptive, it says. The moody, murky atmosphere leaves nothing clear except that mixed intentions will always yield mixed results.”
1 fell
I read this article today in the Morning Call. What really impressed me is that Donovan McNabb, although he is the undisputed starting quarterback, lobbied the team owner and coach to bring Vick to his team (keeping in mind that in Vick’s prime he was one of the league’s best quarterbacks). His reason? To quote McNabb, “I believe in second chances. I believe everybody deserves a second chance and I have strong faith in God that He forgives our sins and gives an opportunity to move on in a positive light to continue to inspire others.” Way to go, Donovan. Well done.
about little kids whose mommies and daddies didn't have enough money to buy them presents.
They have shows coming up in October in Nevada, Colorado, New Mexico, Kansas, Alabama, Texas, Illinois, Iowa, and West Virginia. Maybe you, too, can catch the awesomeness with a side of odd. For more info, click here.
I know... where's the link? There is none because I'm assuming someone somewhere cares about the copyright to this album. Apparently there was a CD released last year, but is now unavailable and at least one track is available for digital purchase download.
created by Cornerstoregoddess/Eleanor Burian-Mohr
Wai-ching Chung, 36, New York, N.Y.
Some things are created purely by an inner impulse and not consideration of some external or clearly articulated goal. Art isn’t only those things that by luck or intention find their way onto a community’s pedestal or stage. Its what humans do with their imagination. Creativity often discovers itself as an act of expression. Just ask every child with a crayon. There is no intrinsic difference between the imagination that creates things to be shared and invents things to be held privately. Creativity is just basic to human nature. Sometimes art making can be as primal as scratching an itch….
salt, pepper, and nutmeg to taste
*each panel is divided by solid squares, colors of the rainbow red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet, pink, gray, black white, and brown ...from top to bottom.*
Stamps: Let It Rain (SNS Digi)
He had a bizarre, eclectic record collection: Neil Diamond, Kid Creole and the Coconuts, Willie Nelson, Barry Manilow, Olivia Newton-John, Waylon Jennings, Jesse Colter, The Rolling Stones, ELO, ZZ Top, Moe Bandy and the Rodeo Clowns, The Eagles, Linda Rondstat, and lots and lots of Elvis. I fell in love to listening to music in that crappy apartment. I picked it apart as I listened to it--isolating drum lines and harmonies and guitar parts in my head. I would teach myself how to sing all of the harmonies of ELO and the back up parts for Neil Diamond. I was determined to be a background singer when I grew up. Or Olivia Newton-John. Either one would've worked for me.
-Gen. 2:18, 20b, 23,24 NIV
The field was pretty small; maybe 300+ people were taking on the tough 17K. We started uphill for about a quarter mile then ran down the steepest hill ever! I have concluded that I am terrible at running down hill because I went from like 10th to 20th on the downhill. I usually have my “low point of the race” towards the end but the mile climb up the mountain at mile 3-4 killed me. My patellar tendon in my left leg locked up and I was forced to walk about a quarter mile. Luckily after a quick stretch and a “call of nature” I was well on my way.
Slight spoilerish part here. Arya got captured. In the book she, Gendry and one or two others escaped only to be captured a day or so later by a team led by the man mountain. Anyway, that aside, I think in the book, Arya actually killed someone in this battle, where as in the show, she has still yet to take a life. What will be the significance of this?
Hindon was taken in by the Irish Americans and lived between Europe and the States until 1910 when Union was declared. In 1911 Louis Botha, the Prime Minister of the new Union, lifted the ban on Hindon who was by then seriously ill. Hindon returned to Middelburg in the Transvaal where John Tower Blake, an American living in South Africa, gave him a rent free home to live in. This home was known as Blake House.
Let me say here that I really appreciated the letter from Cricket. I think it’s very honest, not only in its rejection but in its highlighting what they liked about my book and their well-wishes. But I also feel it highlights quite well the divide between general literature and religious writing, and the sort of bemusement that goes with trying to either combine or separate the two.
At the close of his life, Paul wrote in 2 Timothy 4:7, “I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith.” That testimony could and should be yours at the close of your life.
The bible never commands us to give thanks for everything but rather to give thanks in everything “in everything give thanks; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you”. (1 Thess 5: 18). There is a big difference between the two, and it is pretty difficult to be thankful for many things. For example, if someone gets into a car accident do you give thanks for the car accident? Do you say “thank you God for smashing my car”. No. But do you give thanks in the car accident? Yes. Why?
What about you? Are you a rereader, especially during the winter break? What have you been rereading? Let us know in the comments!
I have a confession to make: I'm not smart. I'm not stupid. But I'm not smart. I can't pull a quote out of the air to suit an occasion from "one of the greats". Heck, I have no idea who the greats even are. Put me on the spot. I dare ya. Ok, "What goes around, comes around." Have no idea who said it.
-The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long.
There are plenty of ways to dress down items in your wardrobe that you might currently consider to be off-limits for daily wear. Why not try pulling them out and giving them the airing they deserve? A mini top hat might be crossing the line for your average daytime office setting, but I've toned down ruffles, sequins, dominatrix boots, and even a Derby-worthy hat at work. Pair a sexy top with a boxy blazer and a pair of jeans; wear a slinky dress with a soft cardigan, chunky scarf, and boots; but don't let your best items languish in your closet because you don't think you have anything dressy enough to wear them to. Here are a few tools that you probably already have at your disposal to help you pull off those 'special' items in your daily wear:
and became heroes
We define social media engagement as interacting with a community that is:
Perhaps this view is faulty and James redeems himself through the resolution that my professor focused on instead. Perhaps James’s portrayal of women is a testament to a woman’s strength in times of deep stress and upset. Perhaps the “portrait” he has painted tells us that Isabel is a strong woman and that her desire to be independent will ultimately get her through the end of an unhappy and seemingly abusive marriage, but that she will do the right thing first by Pansy. Perhaps women are better equipped than men to handle such difficulty when children are in the middle. I’m not sure where I stand, but I know from my feminist perspective, I find it difficult to swallow the fact that of four suitors, Isabel somehow picks the most deadly for her soul.
Ben Frost — Stomp / Scanner Remix
What has God accomplished through you? Can you think of a time when He used you in an amazing way? How did you know it was God at work through you? How did He use you to touch the world for Him?
There were some tragedies along the way, yes. We will always remember the brave astronauts who lost their lives aboard Challenger and Columbia. But the fact that only two shuttle missions out of 135 resulted in loss of life shows a remarkable safety record.
Mr. Margaret Bassackwards: Well of course. She’s a very articulate child, really. Never once camera shy.
Deep fry the potatoes in hot oil until it turn brown. Take out the potatoes and put aside.
The Greer card is a foil-board card and is a parallel insert set. It's a pretty nice card, and it is definitely better than the Appier card. 7-5 Pinnacle now opening up a bit of a lead as we enter the final pack of Stadium Club.
through whom you have done so much for us.
The potential bridge-building point of this mutual distrust is the whole issue of sovereignty. Our diplomatic goal should therefore be to persuade the EU to abandon its Federalist ambitions – outlaw them in fact – but create a disciplined single currency for which ALL EU members are separately and severally responsible.
The two generals clinked their glasses together and then sat in silence for a few moments savoring the brandy-like liquor.
As you may or maynot know, I have been involved in German Shorthaired Pointer rescue since the minute we adopted Maggie (who was actually an English Pointer), back in 1999. I became obsessed with saving pointers. I stuck my nose all over in Wisconsin, even helped dogs from other states as resources allowed. It consumes you. You think about dogs from the second you wake up in the morning, until you can finally close your eyes to sleep at night, IF you have time to sleep. Serious! The compassion fatigue is killer. It doesn't hit you like a ton of bricks, but it will catch up with you. It makes you tired, it makes you depressed, it makes you old. What saves your life, time after time is the next save! The next dog you saved from that lethal needle or other end. You make people happy, because you can give them what they want! You begin to wonder how to make this "business" more self sufficiant, you get smart about networking to find volunteers, to find resourses you need. It is ALL consuming. You find you have very little time for your own dogs. And you had pick of the litter, cream of the crop, and now you don't have time for them? There becomes something so wrong with that picture. And when you can't shake off the depression and you can't even talk nicely to people anymore, when dogs are all you think about, and you become a hermit ONLY thinking of saving dogs, and you don't care much about people anymore, the other shoe finally drops and you have to give in to it, and BECOME it, or you have to step aside, walk away while you still have a chance at a normal existance again.
”The following video examines the nature and scope of anti-Jewish bigotry at the University of California. It was presented to President Yudof and the UC Regents last January, but no serious action was taken. Since then, the AMCHA Initiative has been working to bring this issue to light and effect change in University policy.” via http://amchainitiative.org/
(3) 300-500 sheets of Photographic paper
Long as the discourse is, let me now present the further articulations of the subject by the noblesse chela of the mahatmas, HPBlavatsky, in Volume I of Secret Doctrine, to wit:
A young man was planning to get married
This crew worked hard, toured alot, and didnt have much slack time ... they also infuenced so many other's as well, they were on major film soundtrack's ... and I have seen them on over at least a dozen compilation recording's, they were also into "pro- choice" activism and more. Their sound is great "live" ... I seen them in a venue in the late 1980's (88/89?) with maybe a capacity crowd of about 1000+ only ... but ... this crew has proven time and again, that they can do well in damn near any kind of setting ... their the kind of group that would be ideal for a private party/ gathering ... a large nightclub, or an open roof stadium. And their music is simple rock ... I call it "punk" and some would prefer to put them in another genre, whether it's metal, grunge, alternative, or whatever is popularly fitting of the era. Other than that ... they just kick ass, plain and simple. Enjoy! ....
My day was cut short due to my excuse for the wedding of my uncle in Bulacan. It was planned and it was ironic that the wedding coincides with the last day of the Big day. But I was expected and my clan expects me to be there plus they assigned me as one of the groom’s men. The feeling of an incoming reunion looms and I also feel excited for I haven’t seen them in ages. I left Batangas just before Vespers end and the bus ride to Pasay took ages. I was like a dead man walking, and I was asleep before I even realize that I am in my sister’s guest room. I awoke the next morning to my mother’s voice and my nephew’s cat purring on my chest. I took a heavy breakfast, got dressed and headed to Intramuros with my family for the wedding. The ceremony went on smoothly. It was peculiar that on this wedding I felt happy for the couple, maybe I have matured and known what they are undergoing or maybe because this is our lesson with Fr. Ogie in Sacraments or maybe because I could picture myself in the altar.
The Communist flag, the Nazi symbol, the Japanese flag, the AIDs awareness symbol, the Red Cross symbol, even Santa Claus come adorned in red and white.
Joe Smith, and two current members of the North Carolina Tarheel roster, Kendall Marshall and James McAdoo. But those are just some of the big names that you may know. The Boo Williams Summer League program has not only produced professional athletes, but also pastors, teachers, coaches and entrepreneurs. The BWSL is a pillar in the Hampton Roads Community and beyond.
I repeatedly discover
dreaming if nothing else,
--Pour the syrup into the gelatin mixture. After all the syrup has been added, turn the mixer to high and beat it like Michael Jackson for 10 to 15 minutes or until the mixture is really white (should be like the consistency of Fluff). Now add the Vanilla.
Last night I went to see the guys from Good Fucking Design Advice speak at AIGA Oklahoma. I almost asked Brian and Jason for a photo but after embarrassing myself in front of Pinterest's Ben Silbermann I decided to play it cool by saying something lame like "Hey. I'm looking forward to your presentation." One of the most fascinating part of this presentation was learning that it was these guys' first!
Today’s Calories: 70
“Tom Sawyer?” asked Ted.
Pomerantz
-Swam in a mountain lake
I remember the first time I had held a pen. It was way back in school. I also remember feeling so thrilled just to hold my pencil to write alphabets and words on paper. In later years, the stained fingers were only a temporary price I paid for holding that regal object of communication. Today, my fingers are all neat and tidy as I sit down at the computer to compose letters and articles. It’s not that I cannot use a pen to write. But when I do make an attempt (and that has been many several times) I find my thoughts racing ahead of my pen. The synchronism that had existed earlier between my thoughts and my writing (with the pen) seems to have got lost somewhere.
Jennifer McCreath
Stuck in a rubber room?
3. Tawheed al-Ibaadah…
Testimony regarding the definition of Natural Born Citizen is given citing Minor vs Happersett opinion from a Supreme Court written opinion from 1875. The attorney points out the difference between “citizen” and “Natural Born Citizen” using charts and copies of the Minor vs Happersett opinion.
I love with all my heart:
Our cottage-like house was built by the Bahamians (as in “from the Bahamas”) who first lived in it. As was customary at the time, builders made use of all the available natural materials indigenous to the area, such as coral and Miami-Dade pine. Homes were simple, yet full of character. Back in the day, there was no air conditioning and, as such, air flow via windows (windows, windows, everywhere!) was how the steamy South Florida weather was made bearable.
So yes, I am busting through 2012 in full force, doing things I never imagined I would ever get to do. As Neil Gaiman recently said, “Whatever it is you’re scared of doing, Do it.” In my case, whatever it is I’ve been putting off doing, I will. I’m busting through the door, everybody stand back…
“Don’t talk to me like a little baby! Mom is still in this house!”
Hello there!
Match 1: Jeff Hardy defeated Kurt Angle by countout
It looks like Utah’s Attorney General (posts), Sutherland (posts), and the Salt Lake Chamber (posts) that failed in the GOP convention are now going to have another go at it with Soros’ help. The event seems to be set up as more of an echo chamber than a summit given the one sided lineup of speakers. Plus there is the tell-tale schtick of intentionally failing to differentiate legal and illegal immigrants by lumping them all in a “immigrants” (an effort to cloud the issue).
But it's this portrait that keeps drawing me back. It's always so interesting to me to see what children see when they look at people on a daily basis. What is it that they remember and that sticks out to them?
If you are one of my closest 136 friends, it means we must be Facebook buddies and you may have already heard about some of the new rules at the dinner table in my house. Yes, even though I mock rules and disregard them faster than lima beans, I have to have some structure when it comes to a six-year old and eight-year old boy.
I will soon gather the quiet around me again. I will find the rhythms of the place and of myself. I will fill myself with created worlds. This is the thing I need to survive. Wherever I am. The one thing.
A: Four. One to change it, and three to shout, “Mabuhay si Presidente Erap!”
Remove cheesecake from the oven and let cool completely on a wire rack.
Aside from eating carrion, the big guys eat invertebrates, birds, eggs, moneys(!), boar(!!), geckos, insects, horses(!!!), water buffalo(!!!), dwarf elephant(!!!!), humans and human corpses, and other Komodo Dragons. Exclamations courtesy of me, and based on my own amazement levels.
I think first on the list with my free time will be to take a nap...but who am I kidding. You all know I won't actually do that. ;)
A hawk grabbed a Playboy playmate’s puppy and flew away with it. I wonder if she still likes romantic walks in nature and puppies.
Selling an EKG machine or a blood pressure gauge is obviously not as simple as marketing a t-shirt, food, or something that most people in the world have a need for. Initial thoughts into the topic may bring up the question – is there really a market for medical devices? Considering the success of the company I work for, I can definitely say yes to that. The problem becomes reaching out to the target audience, of which a significant portion are older people who think iPads and laptops are scary monstrosities.
Now layer each ice pop mold with yogurt and plum puree. Start with plum pure and end with plum puree. Next with a skewer make swirl and mix yogurt and plum together.(Don’t mix completely, the white and red color should be seen)
Anyway let me know which way you want to go and I will suggest some stitches we could practice.
Why not try fab and fashionable with a lovely lilac, purple and navy color scheme? This sample features Dot and a stylish sentiment from Milliner Misses!
Mark Jardim, 39, New York, N.Y.
If you didn’t see my initial contest entry post for the current Artists Wanted photography contest, you can still help me out by going to my contest entry page and clicking COLLECT ME
As you can see, my haul this year is pretty focused on skincare and I actually only picked up one colour makeup product. *shock* I didn’t even realise until I was unpacking.. I’ve got a couple of base makeup items coming up in the next (and final) haul post for my Korea 2012 trip, but it’s still mostly skincare. I’ve been slightly more focused on skincare ever since my skin condition took a nosedive. No amount of makeup can make up for poor skin condition, so I’m going back to basics for now. *cross fingers*
Later , the family gathered and legends were dug up and retold . A little boy ran in , his exact resemblance to his grandfather startling , while a baby determinedly crawled backwards and forwards over my lap , looking just like her mother when I first saw her , forty years ago .
Posters for Maria Talks are being put up in high school nurse's offices across the state. The website has crashed due to the controversy. One hopes that when it is restored, the segments on abortion will have been purged and replaced with a more realistic, less happy-go-lucky view of the topic, as well as no further reference to bypassing parental consent laws. That the state is sponsoring a site that facilitates secret abortions for underaged girls is disgraceful. If the AIDS Action Committee cannot get Maria Talks to remove the information about judicial end runs around parental rights and cannot separate the money they receive from the state from their funding for the site, the state should pull all funding until they can.
Why are they going to all these different countries and trying to scam money off of them? Why can’t they just print dollars and make more money?
Nice job Seattle Times,being all PC and all.
- Anger at God for allowing it to happen.
The White House said it formalized a 10-year strategic plan for the U.S. Global Change Research Program. The plan will focus on the relationship between human economic activity and global climate change.
On the third day he will rise again.”
Hopefully your boiling rage at my desertion will subside someday. I would rather enjoy sharing old tales over a mug of ale like we used to. Again, I appreciate the opportunities I have been given here, and wish you much success in the future.
In the age of information, the cost of any college level curricula should be no more than a few hundred dollars per year. Anyone who possesses the intellectual level to actually perform real collegiate level work should understand this instinctively.
I will now end my Academy Awards post, even though I could go on forever about this which I wont today. Maybe another time. So I end this with a picture of Meryl Streep and Robert De Niro in one of my favorite films of all times, Deer Hunter (in which she were nominated for the first time for the best supporting actress).
I zoned out and couldn’t focus on people anymore.
That pic below first appeared on here in February 2010, the last year Russian River Brewing Co. made the contents available for sale in growlers. A friend was heading to London for a trip, and thoughtfully brought the beer here for us to suck up. At the brewpub the beer sold out in a day, after hordes mobbed the place, with queues the length of 4th St in Santa Rosa.
HCAD Appraised @ $142,085.00
silently picking away
Silent Light – bathing the children
You know this is it
Hell Bogan
This is one of the images I had completed and posted on my Show Me,
Wonderful cards, I tell ya! :)
No weapon or injuries were reported in the report.
And they say, ‘The All-merciful has taken unto Himself a son. You have indeed advanced something hideous! The heavens are wellnigh rent of it and the earth split asunder, and the mountains wellnigh fall down crashing for that they have attributed to the All-merciful a son; and it behoves not the All-merciful to take a son. None is there in the heavens and earth but he comes to the All-merciful as a servant; He has indeed counted them, and He has numbered them exactly. Every one of them shall come to Him upon the Day of Resurrection, all alone. S. 19:88-95
by the way, my email account was hacked this morning.
The mounted image was then positioned in the centre and the sentiment at the bottom on the right hand side. I then cut out two swirls (which I have had for quite awhile) from the same purple card and these were positioned both sides of the image, I also used some of the left over paper (I actually printed out a second one) and with one of my rolled flower dies I created a flower for the top left hand corner which has been attached to the card with silicone glue on top of punched out leaves. The last flourish is the flower buttons that have had some ribbon threaded through the holes and tied in knots, these were stuck in the top let hand corner.
For men who have their will
It definitely smoothed out my skin and felt really silky. It also kept the shine at bay for most of the day but I did need to reapply for a bit of coverage on the T-zone half way through the day.
She’s out on her own forever
The conclusion is obvious, eat more fish! The health benefits of Omega-3s are significant, especially in the prevention of cardio-related deaths. The benefits far outweigh any risks from mercury, PCBs and dioxins. One of your best fish options, for the highest levels of EPA and DHA, is salmon, especially wild Yukon Keta salmon.
My upcoming move to San Francisco has me thinking of a challenge that I faced a few years back. During my time in Halong Bay, in Vietnam, I decided on a whim to attempt rock climbing for the very first time. I met up with a crew of more experienced climbers on Cat Ba island, and, after receiving some basic instruction and getting properly equipped, I began climbing.
That is what I am working on. Trusting and surrendering to his decisions for me. I find it so easy to suggest the way God should do it … then wonder why he has gone quiet. I think I still have a long way to go.
Choice has played a significant role in helping some of the women to realise that they already have adopted elements of a portfolio lifestyle. Life experience mixed together with their unique passion, offers them not only choice to have flexibility and to do different things, but also they have chosen a mix to bring balance to their lives.
Lifting a red gas canister before the cameras, a girl named Shannon demonstrates her claimed addiction of drinking gasoline for TLC'S television program My Strange Addiction.
All these years till now.
Somewhere on the web I saw a picture of gold scissors. I immediately thought of my purple scissors and how great they would look decked out in gold. So instead of running out to buy a pair, I grabbed the painters tape and spray paint and got right on it! I also grabbed some staples and paper clips and gave them a quick coat of gold. Easiest DIY project I've ever done! And I just love the way they look in my pencil jar. You could easily switch up the gold for another great color of your choice!
B: Cleaning. I can only cook thing that are blackened or flambe.
Obviously 2 very different styles of beer, but at the end of the day its still malts, water and hops.
placed over the top. I finished my card by writing my message in
-a clean house
How was no spending week? Do you have any resources for times of structured prayer? I would love to hear them!
Nowadays hats aren’t an important piece of our wearing apparel—unless you count baseball caps. However, in the late 19th to early 20th centuries, ‘real’ hats were a part of everyday attire. Yesterday’s hats were considered a necessity for a complete wardrobe. Men sported bowlers, boaters, and fedoras which varied through the years only slightly from crown to brim. Women’s headwear changed greatly with bonnets, bucket, cloches, turbans, and pill boxes, each designed to match fashions, colors, and lifestyles. Hats as accessories began to diminish in importance during the mid-20th century, and I wonder if they’ll ever make a real comeback. Personally, I have my doubts, but I never thought bell bottom pants would come back in style, either. So hang onto your hat if you have one! Remember that Girl Scout motto and be prepared!
(Be a little tough to say, "No honey, I don't want to include your products -- I'm trying to maintain a classier intellectual level of discourse"
I’m in fact convinced that some of your fans might eventually get a little “overexcited” and get too close to you. But what’s wrong in being polite and telling them to PLEASE respect your private space and make sure you will be able to breathe? They might laugh but also be relieved and laugh with you.
The president’s spokesperson, Reuben Abati, could not be reached to comment for this story. Calls to his mobile telephone was neither answered nor returned.
What’s more important than eliminating the bad foods from your plate? Adding in the good ones! We can eat something that makes us feel gross or great and this salad makes me feel great! I love this watercress and fennel salad not only for its fresh taste but also the way my body feels after I eat it. I feel well nourished, energized and ready to take on the rest of my day. Watercress is a small tender leaf with a light peppery taste and has been long known to have medicinal qualities. In fact, Hippocrates, “The Father of Western Medicine”, had such a strong belief in its healing powers that he built his first hospital next to a stream so he could grow watercress to use to treat his patients. Watercress has anti-cancer and anti-inflamatory properties, is high in vitamin C, is high in lutein and zeaxanthin (great for eye health), has been shown to alleviate eczema and is a blood cleaner.
04. That's Life (Billy Preston)
Kosmofon is a spaceship built in 2008 and commanded by Martin Laksberg, Rasmus Lill and Marten Kuningas. They listen in their secret laboratory to Sirius and examine neutron stars to open a new dimension to the music of outermost depths of space. Kosmofon's works are the memoirs of heroic astronauts and announcements of thousands and millions of light years formatted into progressive electronic music.
Brighton University are offering the chance for GSCE and A level students to come in for a design workshop that the product design students are running as part of the Brighton Fringe festival. The product design students are hoping to create a bit of a buzz around the second and final year shows to promote everything that we love about design at the University of Brighton. The aim is to raise awareness about what product design is, what it involves and and the future of it.
I slicked it on as soon as I bought it and was very impressed. The lipstick went on smoothly and didn’t dry my lips out. The colour wasn’t as pigmented as I had hoped, however it is a very wearable shade, with more than just a wash of colour. In the packagaing it looked quite a tangy orange, however on my lips it was more of a peachy, soft coral. It lasted a few hours, but I did have to reapply it a lot, which was a pain.
texture, it doesn’t really matter if it sinks. My favorite bit is getting
He had tears in his eyes a lot.
“Oh you might, might you? Harder to believe than you’re having a conversation with a gorilla?”
Having a division of information that each pod has is bound to keep people at arms length with one another.
2012 Chevy Camaro
perfect batting average and I came up to bat 5 times” Nobody, in fact out
Yes, that mesmerizing mass purveyor of aspiration, desire and self-awareness regularly airs commercials these days that show Americans of different races and ethnicities interacting in integrated schools, country clubs, workplaces and homes, bonded by their love of the products they consume.
So many of us “talk” about making things happen and never take “action”. I have so many people tell me on a daily basis they want to lose weight (talk) but never put in the effort (action) required to achieve their weight loss goal.
The Leftist push via the SCOTUS and then expanding on that locally by the rather sparse certification for abortion clinics and NO review of them has been an absolute abandonment of the primary principle (human life begins at conception) on the secondary avenues of privacy and viability which have been conceded, absolutely and totally, to the Left. In the last decade some push-back on MINORS has happened, but that has been the extent of it, and has been thwarted by the SCOTUS 'privacy' finding.
A reader told me at the time (June 2009) that the owners lived in Florida part-time, and Timboo's was now run by their daughters. Skylark is run by the same people who own Abeline's, a bar on Court Street in Carroll Gardens. At least it will be taken over by local people.
We’ve addressed this sort of unsophisticated and poorly articulated argument in defense of defending Darwinian evolution many times. You can’t just vaguely appeal to vast and unending amounts of time (and other probabilistic resources) and assume that Darwinian evolution can produce anything “no matter how complex.” Rather, you have to demonstrate that sufficient probabilistic resources exist to produce the feature.
There are 500 days from Lammas this year to the 10-day prelude to solstitial union with galactic center: on 12:12:12 we shall either have completed planetary ascension or we will know our work has been in vain. I prefer to think we shall complete the program — that we as a species are destined to rise to the challenge facing us.
Eat one and give the rest away...very diet-y
As I walked the full length of the 8.3 km stream before it joins a river, I kept looking for fish. Halfway to the river junction, my search ended as large fishes swam about. If they are bottom suckers or fish that thrive in clean water, I do not know.
Cream the butter and sugar. Add the eggs and vanilla and mix until well combined. Add the baking powder, baking soda, and cocoa and stir until well combined. Add the flour and stir until just mixed.
Lee Stanton is one of Los Angeles' leading arbiters of style and the premier purveyor of fine period antiques to prominent interior decorators and discriminating clients nationwide. For years, his San Juan Capistrano warehouse was a go-to for those in the know on the look out for 17th-19th century antiques. Early morning lines would form hours before doors opened, as news of fresh crates from Europe, spread through out the city.
In other new tonight I got my butt kicked in Candyland in record time. Jacob finished in about 10 turns and his brother wasn’t too far behind him.
Ah the Beave. Heard about this gastropub a few weeks ago and we had to check it out. You walk in and it has a whole rustic/eclectic/cut out of wood look to it. The tables and chairs at the bar are logs and whatnot. It smells like BBQ as well. I'll forgive the 3 beers on tap as they were all local beer, yet they made up for it with 75 bottled beers. This place is perfect for the Heights, a happening part of Houston just northwest of downtown. It looks pretty grimy, but it's damn expensive to live there.
Closing Song
Once he slept in bed and forgot to go to his exam (it wasn’t his Final, thank god!) The next morning, he got a call from his uncle, Herbert and no doubt, stern words of warnings were issued. It left Benjamin with a red face and he left the room saying that he needed a heroic fry-up breakfast to recover.
His rendering of Gretel, and the entire novel, is pitch-perfect. The painting captures so many little elements from the book, both literally and stylistically, that it bowled me over the first time I saw it. I *love* the cover.
It was kind of like yesterday when I drove myself home early from work in a weird mental haze, feeling drugged without actually being drugged. It was all I could do to drag myself into the house and to the bed, utterly fatigued and unhinged and crying and apologizing to BH for being such a mess.
Now, are these good albums? I personally like the O'Rourke and the Pere Ubu albums. The latter, especially, are endearing; as David Thomas waddles in from the deep freeze of critics' academic appraisal, warbling "the bride waltzed barefoot there on the sidewalk, you could fry an egg"... well, you kind of want to hand him a blanket and some fuzzy slippers and buy the album for Aunt Ruth. Of course, Aunt Ruth thinks it's weird and takes it out of the CD player and puts on the latest T-Pain, but hey, you tried, and you can tell Crocus and now Crocus won't come to your house and spazz out on your cats.
200g Mackerel ( I used spanish mackerel) ~ Scraped out the flesh, make into small balls and soaked i salt water
1/2 c. butter,melted
The astrologist seemed very uncomfortable. He told the King that he thought that it meant that a great man of war had been born, or that Prussia would be dominated by an invisible power.
If you haven't signed up for Groupon....you should because it's amazing! Everyday there are amazing deals all over the country. Just last week, Bart and I went to DC to watch Bobby Flay and go to a cooking show with a Groupon we bought. And for full disclosure, I get a referral bonus if you use my link so I love when new people sign up.
Me, and collisions in me do bring a sense of orange safety, the color of protection
The Islip Art Museum will be accepting ONE work for consideration on the following days.
Then I got an assignment from a pretty respected German newspaper, the Süddeutsche Zeitung, which was great! but I wasn't entirely prepared for it. I had to scribble and circle around the subject for a bit, then write it one or two paragraphs at a time, on the subway to work, or in moments stolen from my real job: Father. So I was barely able to write anything else--not even Facebook updates.
Ta Ann has been sourcing its wood from these areas and MPs like Bryan Green are demanding that unless the company is allowed to continue then they will pull out of the valuable agreement.
Today I'm wearing Beauty UK nail polish in 'Soft Grey'. I bought this as I was initially looking for the pale grey colour in the new Boots 17 Spring collection but unbeknownst to me it isn't out yet!!! Or if it is, my small Boots haven't got it!! So I left Boots and was having a browse round Superdrug when I spotted this little gem which was just the colour I was after. It was only £1.99 so a complete bargain!!
Conte’s Rituals (Schema, 2008) unveiled this nearly heavenly sound kaleidoscope in shades that were a little too primary and sounds that were frankly just a bit too obvious and ultimately annoying. So expectations for Nicola Conte’s Impulse (!) debut were on the low side.
I mean, haven’t the Mets learned that getting the poor-man’s version of anything just doesn’t work?? I mean, Jason Bay – poor-man’s version of Matt Holliday. Oliver Perez – poor man’s version of Derek Lowe (though honestly, Perez is a very rich man because of Omar Minaya).
It is interesting that of all the traps that the scribes and Pharisees could have come up with to set for Jesus this is the one they chose. This was not the work of a rocket scientist nor a well thought out plan. Perhaps this reveals their desperation or their ignorance or maybe it is a testament to the fact that their eyes were so blind they could not see the flaw in their plan much less the flaws in themselves.
That will leave you in debt
Buddy Holly Everyday US
There was no movement.
I am indeed in simple words quite anti social. It has always been difficult for me to talk, to get involved with the pupils around me. I have always defended myself by saying and thinking that it is because of my parents who never allowed me much to make friends or to engage and be a part of the groups. But, that time has gone and I can’t do anything in that regard but one thing that I must do is to try and become social today ; after all it is never too late.
You both decided to let go. That hug seemed like it could’ve lasted until time ended. You stayed with Raivis until sundown, cuddling together. He gave you one last kiss on the cheek before you adventured outside into the freezing temperatures.
Cesare finds his father in a tent near the battlefield and Alexander asks if he has anything to tell him. Cesare plays dumb and says he had a very quiet night, sleeping the sleep of the good and the just, as he’s sure his dad did. Ooooh, them’s some fighting words, Cesare!
No walking on the beach in this get up...sand in the shoes would be quite uncomfortable.
Let me start with the first line: Draft guidelines for telling transcendent stories: Installment number one.
Janome Sew Mini for stitching
-Instagram has banned all hashtags promoting self-harm, including references to anorexia and/or suicide. If you see content of this sort, let Instagram know.
Nothing makes waking up better than a fresh, hot kolache. However, these sausage rolls aren't only intended for mornings. Kolaches can be enjoyed any time of the day! I made these on a Friday evening so that breakfast would be all ready to go on Saturday morning. Well these beauties looked and smelled so wonderful, they ended up becoming Friday night dinner as well as Saturday's breakfast.
Yeah Yeah Not
but was driving at a ridiculous 70 mph!
And He cares for your needs
DE: Humans’ continued willingness to torture other humans and animals in the name of survival.
The Syrphidae/Flower-Fly family hosts countless mimics of bees and wasps.
Since he was young, he had interested in dressing up. (our young fashionista)
~ Share 7 things about yourself;
- Calling all athletically-inclined souls: Do you want to coach soccer or flag football in a local league for Crown Heights kids? Get in touch with the folks at Seeds in the Middle (more info below).
Having talked at such length of violence and struggle, I fear I may leave readers with the impression that this novel is ponderous and depressing—a tough read. In fact, in Sweeter Than All the World, Rudy Wiebe has created a warm, intimate, and very readable portrait of a complex and engaging man, facing a dilemma which is of immediate interest to us all. If the attendant partial survey of humankind’s brutality is unblinking, it is, nevertheless an exhilarating experience to have stared such a beast in the eye, and still come away filled with the sense of hope and comfort that this book imparts.
Nebuchadnezzar tested his counselors by pretending to forget his dream. This was somewhat of a double test: Could they tell him what the dream had been, and could they then tell him a believable interpretation of it? If we suppose that Satan was behind this scheme, then it is important to note that he was willing to kill all his false prophets just to get rid of four righteous servants of God.
230How glowing guilt exalts the keen delight!
Me too.
I also have to say that I think Whimsical is such a great name for this polish. I dare say that I like it even better than I like the name Glitter in the Air. And besides it being such a perfect name, it also makes me smile every time I think of it because I'm a huge Big Bang Theory fan. And to quote Dr. Sheldon Cooper, "What's life without whimsy?"
7. Terminal Frost (06:18)
I recently had the opportunity to help my cousin Mary with a wonderful project she started last year. Mary puts together some care packages to send with troops being deployed. Mostly it's coffee, but she includes tea and I think hot chocolate and some goodies for them to have on those infrequent down times when they can relax. There were three sets of packages going over and everyone who contributed (I was only able to send money to cover some expenses since I'm out of town) had to give her three thank you cards to be enclosed with the goodies. I wanted to keep it to a patriotic theme so of course I went with red, white and blue. The flags are from Papertrey Ink's Friendship Jar Summer
Alcohol By Volume : 7.00%
DAVID #2: This is ridiculous.
The 300-megawatt plant taps heat and gas pockets up to 1.2 miles below the surface to drive seven turbines. In the process, Hellisheiði releases steam, which makes up roughly 99.5 percent of its emissions. The rest is mostly carbon dioxide, along with small amounts of hydrogen sulfide, argon and methane.
I made this fresh take on chicken salad for lunch today for Jimmy and I. I think you can pretty much add avocado to anything, top it with a little cilantro and squeeze over some fresh lime juice and it will taste like spring and be delicious. This was no exception.
Hi Baby,
Papers: DCWV Rustic Stack
Here's my poorly thought out immediate reaction:
NEW: What about clones? – 1
Good ridance i say. She just some lame act that was pumped up by cheryl to think she was something and could make it. But watch now how she’ll probably get a record deal after all this……. Ain’t it always the way, and wots this bout her 81year old nan??????
On this week’s Project Runway, the designers and robo-Joanna took a little field trip to the United Nations, where Joanna tasked the alleged all-stars with creating a look based on world flags. Did anyone else find this challenge odd? I mean, I’m fairly certain these designers cannot identify most world countries on a map. And, more to the point, it seemed like a fairly lame source of inspiration.
Plenty of mistakes have been made since 2010, but this has nevertheless been the best government for a generation, led by men and women for the most part of decency and goodwill. Important steps have been taken towards addressing the financial deficit, while the reforms to welfare and education are essential to the health of Britain as a nation and will soon be irreversible… It is only thanks to the skill and admirable personal forbearance of Mr Clegg and Mr Cameron that the project has lasted as long as it has.
In fact, Ms. Ramanan, argues that it is necessary to take sides in presenting an opinion. Well nobody wold argue against that. But then don’t cry foul when mens rights activists (MRAs) start bombarding your editorial page with comments. After all, where will a man go? All the structural advantage is in favour of women.
I think maybe it’s because what I want to talk about is intensely embarrassing. More embarrassing is the fact that I have not been able to eradicate this problem on discovering it. Generally, that’s what happens.
Here I am writing this out, thinking only of myself and of times gone by.
“A family of four can sleep under an insecticide-treated bed net, safe from malaria, for three years,” according to Nothing But Nets’ website.
"The train in front has lost its pilot light".
MacLean Center, 112 S Michigan
What fun memories we were able to make! And I am glad we had such a great Christmas week, because last night Jonathan puked all over his bed and today Faith has a 102* temp! Ho Ho Ho! At least we aren't missing any school this week, and the kids were able to watch their new DVD of Charlotte's Web while they are recuperating!
In a greased-sugared Bundt tin, I pour the chocolate batter, add a tunnel of jam and then pour on the white chocolate batter.
The Butler Bag Everyday Tote is a perfectly versatile bag. Offered in three colors and create from genuine Nana leather. This bag offers two zippered pockets outside and a compartmentalized interior with zippered "privacy pocket" inside. This is a true organizer's purse dream come true.
to make tang zhong:
Helen opens the door to the baby's room, and finds Anne Marie in there. She chases Helen into the kitchen and pushes her to the floor. Anne Marie starts bashing Helen's head into the floor, so Helen fights back, until she manages to straddle the other woman. Grabbing the bloody meat cleaver off the floor, Helen holds it above her head...until a small army of cops arrive on the scene, to corner and arrest Helen.
As you exhale see this energy flowing outward from you and surrounding Jacqueline
Springman Records was one of my favorite labels when I was a teenager. Great comps, great bands and everything was super cheap. In an era when the 90's pop punk sound pretty much died off, Avi over at Springman was still churning out some awesome stuff. If you havent picked up any of the Punk Rock Strike CD's, you really really are doing yourself a disservice.
Horrible drunk male voices belted out in unison the chorus to “Don’t Look Back In Anger.” A friend chided a younger fan for his “Justin Bieber hair.” (We rebuked our buddy and told him the kid had a Beatles cut, a good thing, not a bad one.) Why Oasis and Noel Gallagher fans do this I’ll never quite understand, but there were a couple of people around wearing Manchester United gear and there was a shout or two of “Glory, glory Man United!” to be heard. Heads up: Noel hates Man United. He’s a City fan. But I digress…
Mr Wmm: It's starts to, but then it stops & does nothing.
Everything is connected. But I feel a certain disconnect, I have an urge to just leave my laptop here at the centre of the table, to run down a flight of stairs to the first floor, then push open the door and breathe night air in. I want to be away from reality and live in the stars.
I have a million and one things running through my mind but can't seem to pull them out into the right words. I'm a jumbled mess. For just the tiniest little bit I tell myself "I can do this. I can wait. Its called patience. Its called everything I've ever wanted. I can't just give that up... I can't give up an opportunity like that... especially one I've longed for, for a while. Something that I know would make me become the happiest girl in the world. I can do this. Don't give up hope, but don't get your hopes up. If you never give it a chance you'll never know what could come of it." A little insight is good and maybe one day I can come up with a way to organize my thoughts.
With work starting up again tomorrow, my summer and Lady of Leisure days have come to an end. This has been one of the more enjoyable summers. I celebrated my one year wedding anniversary with Mr. Incredible, I road tripped, gambled, spent time with my family, and did a whole lot of baking. Although I'm sad to see summer go, I look forward the cold fall season (even though that probably won't be until November in Texas), the holidays, and of course the baking that goes along with celebrating the holidays. So I bid farewell to my summer vacation with a bread full of flavors that remind me of summer...blueberries and lemons.
Many never reach spiritual maturity because they don’t realize there’s something to reach for beyond the salvation experience. Christ is our example of obedience and maturity. He knew His purpose—to do the will of His Father. He knew why He was “sent” to earth, and why He was born of a woman. He also understood that His time on earth would be limited. Since Jesus came with His purpose already set before Him, He understood the importance of time management, setting priorities (what He was called to do, and what He was not), spending time with His Father for strength and encouragement, and how to make disciples.
I enjoy reading what Profesor Anonimo writes in his blog, but I have to admit, it sounds hard to do for someone like me to do. I just don’t think I could pull it off. I could maybe do a little story here or there, but not as my principal method. I really don’t think the wacky stories are the key component per se; they’re just one of various means to an end. The key is creating an engaging immersion experience through comprehensible input. We each have to find that way to create a target language i + 1 environment that Stephen Krashen describes and that captures students’ attention. One of the reasons that TPRS is appealing is that, when it is done well, is engaging to students.
The very next day although tired saw myself and the kiddies (+1 extra) head off on a 5hour drive for our Beach holiday for a few days. We headed north and stayed with our good friends and neighbours at their holiday rental. The weather was Fantastic, the kids were entertained, I got to read nearly a whole book (Fallen), lots of laughs and shared moments which are fast becoming treasured memories. Was an awesome and much needed break.
An unfinished essay or a join of the dots?
Today Valley’s picks are featured: Bridal Shower
And that bottle of wine that opened itself and evaporated?
Born and brought up in southern Sweden, Karin Altenberg moved toBritainto study in 1996. She holds a PhD in Archaeology from the University of Reading. Her thesis was published in 2001 and won the Nordenstedska Foundation Award. She is currently senior advisor to the Swedish National Heritage Board and is a Fellow of the Linnean Society of London. ISLAND OF WINGS is her first novel. She is currently working on her second.
This is a composite scan, of a number of stamps showing volcanoes. I have shown this before, many weeks before, but hey, it's my blog and I want to show it again. :-) Exciting, but don't get too close!
The toys and games will go on sale in the US in the autumn.
Beyond the central characters - and this is one of The Last Picture Show's great strengths - Bogdanovich is able to balance his attention on a considerable number of peripheral figures, important people in the town that play into Sonny, Duane, and Jacy's stories. Sonny starts up an initially skeptical May-December affair with his football coach's wife Ruth Popper (Cloris Leachman), whose marital neglect may be the "sickness" she diagnoses herself with to Sonny. But one can sense his palpable desire to be with someone his age even when her supposed sickness vanishes from romantic ecstasy, and his sexual angst is clear whenever he stops in at the diner to speak to Genevieve (Eileen Brennan), the confident waitress. Jacy abandons Duane at the town's holiday dance to attend a nude indoor swimming party at the mansion of Bobby Sheen (Gary Brockette) - a sequence that is heart-stopping in its judicious back-and-forth of wordless glances - who seduces her with his forthright sexual taunts but ultimately denies her because she's a virgin. Being the schemer she is, her plan is to sleep with Duane so that she can subsequently woo Bobby, but when Duane loses confidence and Bobby finds a more experienced girl she resorts to her mother's lover (Clu Gulager), who defiles her swiftly in the shadowy pool hall in the film's most riveting scene.
Talbot likens our brain to a miniature Universe, thoughts as ‘pebbles in the electromagnetic pool of our mind’. He says: ‘Nature uses mathematical underpinning; so does the brain.’
Second, he was tired of looking at it on the bathroom counter for 3 days and wanted to see how long it would take for us to notice. lol.
Enzenberger is focuses on the media business in this essay, in ways that the media industry is part of the superstructure because it operation aids in the creation of an unjust society by convincing consumer to accept that society.
And hope, a feeling out from distant lore
It was a grand teacher that showed us how to put aside our petty differences and act in unison for the greater benefit of all.
Vegetarian Sushi (LOL)
1. Pretend that you are walking into the painting. Where would you enter?
Massage is recommended in traditional Chinese medicine to unblock the patient’s meridians, stimulate the circulation of blood and qi, loosen stiff joints and muscles, and strengthen the immune system.
Overseas people wishing to donate can use the PAYPAL link on the website www.letsfindpaul.co.nz
Over 2.5 million tickets have been sold out of 3 million available for the World Cup, which begins in three weeks.
I'm going to market a bumper sticker soon, but I can't tell you what it will say. (You might steal my idea). Where does one go to market bumper stickers?
About bunny drop Complete Series Premium Edition:
One night as Kata left the prayer meeting, a group of men grabbed and bound him. They dragged him along the paved road, finally stopping in a clearing where 30 others, with clubs and sticks in hand, waited to join the attack.
I cut 1.25" hearts from the George & Basic Shapes cart - 4 red and 1 on clear contact paper. I have no Valentine's Day stamps, so my trusty computer helped me with the sentiments. BTW - the sentiment under the scratch off reads: "You won my heart". A new penny finished my card.
I miss him. I miss working with him, talking with him, watching movies with him, laughing with him. I miss our shared hopes for a better future. It’s a good thing I have so much to do — getting my car ready for the trip, getting ready for the yard sale—otherwise I’d just sit around feeling even sorrier for myself.
I doubt Pritchett will ever get this letter, though I’d like to be proved wrong. Garbage should be picked up an carted off so vermin can’t breed in it, however, and so I offer my response below
Well, here’s step one: I’m quitting smoking, cause its the socially “healthy” thing to do, and it’ll save me oodles of money. I don’t even smoke that much to begin with, but since my significant other has declared he will no longer buy cigarettes, he will smoke all of mine when I buy them. It’s expensive feeding two smokers cigarettes on one person’s budget, especially if one smoker happens to smoke a pack every two days.
let salvation spring up,
I don’t want to be a slave to my job and to money. So I don’t want to work at a job I hate, then spend my weekends sleeping and spending all my $ on things I ‘deserve’ after all my ‘hard work’. I don’t want to work in an anonymous cubicle and be proud for nothing at the end of my time at that job. That may be a way to make more money, but it will (for me) come at the expense of other things which money cannot buy.
to stories of the past
Mental slavery is the strongest and most pernicious of all slaveries, but it has one vital weakness: when the chains break, there IS NO GOING BACK. The mind, once freed, can never more be cast in chains. And a free mind makes a free human, and free humans resist against the system EVERY F*CKING STEP OF THE WAY.
Happy Holidays Everyone!
with dating!
I have worked with loads of charities as a volunteer, as a member of staff and as a trustee.
So I have been walking nearly every day, and it would seem that this is not enough to remove the jelly from my belly. Which is why, after a couple of wines at the primary school trivia night a few weeks ago, I (rather aggressively) bid for a three month stint at boot camp. And won. (Do you remember I told you?? You didn't think I'd actually do it, did you??? I don't blame you...)
Even in victory it’s worth noting it was a shitty victory and you should feel bad for encouraging him.
I taught Michael how to say "would you like some jalepenos? they're from our garden" and sent him out with the bag. I think they liked them.
Many ordinary Christians are deeply conflicted by their desire to embrace homosexual brethren in the fellowship of the church, when some of their leaders are telling them that these people are sinners.
Where exactly do you think this whirlwind romance takes place? According to MapQuest, it takes 24 hours or less to drive from Tulsa from just about anywhere in the continental United States. For example, San Diego and Miami are less than 24 hours from Tulsa.
I've created three "game board" slides that on three subjects that my students are very familiar with: SpongeBob, pizza, and the Sasquatch.
- The placement of STATE OF HAWAII is farther from the left margin than is DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH to the right margin.
Michael Pisaro's Hearing Metal series continued this year with a pair of new discs that both work on their own merits as individual recordings and as parts of a larger whole (which must also include 2009's Hearing Metal 1). These pieces, all of them made in close collaboration with Pisaro's frequent interpreter, the percussionist Greg Stuart, are examinations of texture and fine grain. At moderate volumes, these are gorgeous drones, with subtle shifts between layers of bowed or scraped percussion, field recordings, and electronic sine tones. At higher volumes, the real complexity and density of this music becomes apparent, and the effect can be frankly overwhelming, even suffocating, as Pisaro and Stuart create these ringing, glistening waves of sound, like the neverending aftershock of a tremendous gong being struck. Hearing Metal 2 is divided into three tracks, but it's dominated by the central 40-minute movement which consists of cascading metallic percussion reverberations. This piece is balanced between the harshness and clamor of the sounds and the serenity and suspension that are always such a big part of Pisaro's work. The album is bookended by two shorter pieces, the first an 18-minute movement that mingles field recordings of birdsong and other natural sounds with electronic tones, and the second a miniature that briefly returns to the birds chirping as a spacious, organic respite after the dense, unearthly drones of the monolithic second track.
Why is Adam’s sin so great? It was but the seizing of an apple! Was it such a great sin—to pluck an apple? “When the woman saw that the fruit of the tree was good for food and pleasing to the eye, and also desirable for gaining wisdom, she took some and ate it. She also gave some to her husband, who was with her, and he ate it.” Genesis 3:6.
Just for kicks here's a quote about Lincoln by Stephen Douglas, because you couldn't help but be in awe of this amazing leader and lover of books as you were there! This quote I think shows the power of the story:
Now I've opened my little book shop, and you who live outside of Sweden have finally a change to get your own copy. Here are the facts (updated 12-04-24, I had wrong info about the freight costs):
3.2 Inch 16 Million Colour TFT Capacitive Touch Screen (240 x 400 Pixels)
I have a couple of ideas flying around and I also have a funny feeling that something we're doing in my cake decorating class (which finishes at the end of this month) just might begin with H. Which I promise is pure coincidence!
For Steel Magnolia Press, each price point we launch a book at is determined using the usual factors: genre, length, how well-known the author is, etc. We come up with two prices: an introductory, short-term price and the price we think that can sustain the book. We're open to those price points changing, though, and will re-evaluate price based on historical data -- we just need more historical data for it to be convincing. So far, we're only talking a difference of $1 between the intro price and the sustained price. As the gap between the two increases, the landscape may well change. We're happy to hear from anyone who's experimented with different price points and has data to share!
“I’ll write my name on the list personally.”
My friend and I are staying in a very nice 4-star seafront hotel in Penzance.
The searing London August heat and a tube journey so painfully humid that it's final destination could have been Hades itself had left me extremely parched and in need of some liquid refreshment as I headed up from the bowels of the Underground oven and into the city centre sunshine.
Alaska
08. GAME of LIFE
I managed to open the door slightly and tried to manouevre my right leg out through the space, but I've had a knee replacement and my leg only bends to 90 degrees. At this stage, I got cramp in my right thigh. Eventually, after considerable excrutiation, I managed to get that leg back into the car and realized I'd have to manouevre my bum out of the bucket seat and push it way over to the left into the passenger seat so I could get then straighten both legs on the driver's seat, lean backwards and push them both out together through the narrow gap, hoping the body would then follow naturally, limbo-style.
I know that the trellis pattern is very overdone in the blogging community and may just become a trend that will be over in a few years. To me however, it seems like a classic, beautifully symmetric lines that will never go out of style.
If you would like to have one in your garden, please visit the following link for vendors:
The market is my love. Last week I bought 2 large square punnets of Strawberries for £1.50. They’ve been eaten. Oh yes.
A Messianic Rose Banner by Lois Prahlow A Holy Week Banner by Lois Prahlow Luther’s Small Catechism by Lois Prahlow Creation Banner by Lois Prahlow One Church Many Ministries by Lois Prahlow Overcoming Temptations Banner by Lois Prahlow Pentecost Banner by Lois Prahlow Easter Butterfly Banner by Lois Prahlow Advent Banner: “O Antiphons” by Lois Prahlow Church Banners by Designer Patt Tiemeier Global Community Global Economy Global Politics
Here at the start of another year, I am sure we all have some goals in mind. One of mine is to deepen my prayer life. To that end, I'm going to be adding some pages to my prayer journal in the "Adoration" section -- pages dealing with spiritual blessings God gives us as His children. As I thought about this, and as I had my prayer time this morning, I was struck by the thought of what a blessing my prayer journal is to me, and how it has revitalized my prayer life over the years I've been using it and adding to it. I am quite sure that if our house caught fire, I would run for my prayer journal before grabbing anything else!
And, because you might be looking for a great new dish to cook, here is Bennett's addition to his class cookbook:
Judas, it is said by some, betrayed Christ, because he wanted to force the Messiah’s hand to call down the legions of angels and crush the Romans and their Jewish puppets. Surely, Christ, faced with death, would do this. When it did not happen, some believe, in his distraught manner, he threw the cursed silver at the pharoses and took his own life. Those running Greece, however, have no such qualms or pings of conscious. They are the sin of Greed in flesh, working for their evil masters, regardless of whom they kill or crush or destroy. They are no different than the black hearted creatures that sit in Belgrade, in Zagreb, in Tbilisi, in Rome. They are the brothers of the beasts that sat in Kiev and at one time in Moscow, under Yeltsin. Surely, soon, their clones will equally sit in Madrid and Lisbon.
With this exposure, her cure is initiated, and so is Chapter Three: Despair (Gynocide). It is during this part of the film that some of the most awful and appalling imagery appears. After announcing that her treatment has been successful, He comes to realize that the result is not what he had expected. Her defenses lowered, She comes into full contact with her inner nature, experiencing the sublime force and savagery of desire unleashed. She furiously copulates with her husband, and then masturbates madly before exploding in an uncontrolled rage because she fears that her husband will leave her. She crushes his testicles with a wooden beam, knocking him unconscious, rubs his penis until he ejaculates blood and drills a hole in his leg, to which she then attaches a heavy mill stone in order to keep him from leaving. She wanders away and He eventually regains consciousness, flees with difficulty and hides in a hole beneath a tree. (The hole, no doubt, represents a vagina, which in this film is both a danger and a lure to the male character. Throughout the film, the female lead is terrified of this particular tree hole; an indication that she fears her own nature.) While in the hole, He encounters a blackbird whose loud, cawing cries betray his hiding place, and so his wife finds him and drags him back to the cabin.
The secret to excellent tomato sauce? According to F&38;W's Grace Parisi, the trick is starting with superlative whole (not crushed) tomatoes and simmering them with whole (not chopped) garlic cloves. The result: A classic marinara that can quickly be spun into all sorts of variations.
Counsel for the US Government went very close to arguing that TV Links was wrongly decided. In any event, Counsel sought to distinguish Mr O'Dwyer's behaviour from the restrictive decision in TVLinks. First the TVShack websites were entirely in the hands of Richard O’Dwyer and his co-conspirators, requiring third parties to sign up to TVShack and be vetted before going further. Secondly, unlike TVLinks, there was no attempt to protect copyright, as Mr O'Dwyer knew materials were subject to copyright and actively taunted already-cited efforts in June 2010 to seize TVShack.net.
In an attempt to solve the mystery and save her town, Rebecca must willingly open herself up to unknown and unseen dangers that are lurking deep within the computers. To her disgust and horror, the virtual reality she encounters is controlled by real evil, meaning she must draw her strength from real faith and take a stand. But, the hairs on the back of her neck prickle, as she thinks about her lack of attention in Sunday school and nodding off during Services. Had she absorbed any knowledge, strength, or faith? If she found others wandering inside, would they have the will to stand? Rebecca will soon find out as she's put to the test, for in the world of Omniverse, there are no restarts or saves. Fight against it, for if you give in, it is Game Over.
Bang!
To my absolute joy, one of the first podcasts to pop up was The Ricky Gervais Show. I can't say everything produced by Gervais makes me fall over in laughter, sometimes his stuff can be really awful (I now make reference to that one off show Derek 'comedy-drama' on Channel 4 not so long ago). However, there are a few things from Gervais which are just pure brilliance - namely An Idiot Abroad starring Karl Pilkington. If you haven't seen An Idiot Abroad then you really are missing out on some fantastic television viewing.
Serve with veggies and baked/reduced fat chips!
Row down the Nile – where we nearly had our toes bitten by the crocodile,
So I had 2 forms of masking, one with the girl and the other with the stencil.
This was a good read, and I expect to pick up the next trade paperback when it comes out.
You told me that you didn't want to hurt me but I don't understand how you can't see the hurt all over me. The sadness, the anger that you caused but I am always apologizing for.
910-426-7828
Acetaminophen is not one of NSAIDs, such as aspirin. Unlike NSAIDs, acetaminophen has no effective anti-inflammatory activity. Also, it does not cause gastrointestinal bleeding as a side effect and can be taken without food without irritating the stomach (which is why Tylenol is often preferred than Aspirin).
but when you went down….i wonder what you thought. i wonder if the faces of the ones waiting for you back home flashed in front of you. or if you prayed desperately. if you looked at your buddies and you read the terror in their eyes. or if you just said “shit”. if you wondered for those seconds why….why you were there, why you had come to that place. and as you fell towards the ground…where you were going?
The models show oil hitting Florida's Atlantic coast within a few weeks, then moving north as far as about Cape Hatteras, N.C., before heading east.One question I haven't seen answered is: at what level of dispersion is the oil no longer harmful? I assume that if a hundred million gallons were distributed evenly throughout the world's oceans, it wouldn't even be noticeable, and would biodegrade in no time. But somewhere between that, and the actual conditions we have - giant plumes and enormous sheens concentrated in the northern Gulf of Mexico - is the threshhold beyond which dispersion takes care of the problem. I don't know what that threshhold is - whether, for instance, the quantities shown swirling about in the mid-Atlantic in this animation would still be dangerous to ecosystems. At the least, though, this looks bad for pretty much the entire coast of Florida.
Hey everyone, so last weekend was my bi-annual trip to the quilt retreat sponsored by The Country Quilter. While we were down in numbers this year due to the Jewish holidays and a few quilters who were sick, fun was still had by all those present.
I object to ‘diversion’ for one more reason: it implies ‘this’ or ‘that’. A bifurcation in structure which simply doesn’t reflect the way we have philosophically constructed our legal frameworks and which doesn’t address the complexity of whether mental health causes crime or vice versa; or whether they are coincidental concepts?
if you want the extra calories.
“The two characteristics immanent in the credit system are, on the one hand, to develop the incentive of capitalist production, enrichment through exploitation of the labour of others, to the purest and most colossal form of gambling and swindling, and to reduce more and more the number of the few who exploit the social wealth; on the other hand, to constitute the form of transition to a new mode of production. It is this ambiguous nature, which endows the principal spokesmen of credit from Law to Isaac Pereire with the pleasant character mixture of swindler and prophet.”
My best friend growing up is jewish. I loved going over to her house during passover and eating matzo. Actually, looking back matzo tasted like an early form of gluten free bread that I had. I think I love the memory of matzo a whole lot more than I love the tast of matza.
The stress of living with the addicted abuser is terrible, I narrowly escaped my own alcohol addiction, self-medicating in order to live with a big time abuser addicted to alcohol and power. I grew up in a broken home, so far below the poverty line as to not even see it. I grew up without a father, and believed I did not have the right to deprive my children of theirs. I lasted 8 years and it almost destroyed me. I drove myself (type A) in the career arena in order to provide the financial security that I had never had. Fast track to early burn-out.
Recommendation - I would recommend this book for all middle school learners, but believe that a high school aged learner would benefit from such a book as well.
As an officer of the Executive Council and Press Officer James will be tasked with acting as the primary press spokesman for the party, being responsible for developing the party’s media image and also training regional press spokespersons in presentation and speaking skills.
Now, I have a hard time focusing on just one project at a time so I also re-organized the nursery, my closet, and one of the attic closets. :) But I didn't take before pictures of those. Oh well. I may dedicate a post to the reorganizing of our room...
Sometime in the near future I hope to move my blog to a new website. It will still be through blogger, but the web address will be different, and it will have a new title (we're not Triplets plus 1 anymore!) That and I get so many weird spam comments through this blog and I'm ready for a fresh start. I'll post the details whenever I make the move! (This blog will still be here at this address, I'll just be starting a new one at a different address)
footling breech — the baby’s head is up, and one or both of the baby’s feet are pointed down toward the birth canal.
Starring: Matt Damon, Franka Potente and Chris Cooper Director: Doug Liman
Oil - 2 spoons
Finally, you must make sure that the game isn’t crippled by movement issues. It’s a grid (typically in Facebook games), so it is important that when people move objects, this is registered, and doesn’t bungle up the game. I know for this game it probably required some tweaking or patching, but with everything else going on I didn’t even give it the chance to say sorry. Unplayable game.
So, it appears that good ol' Aunt Flo was in for a visit at the time of my last post. Since she has gone away so has the three pounds she brought with her. I am now back to the previously new low of 192. I am still in size 16's. I wonder if 14's will ever happen. So close....but so far away!
Deuteronomy 30:19 I call heaven and earth to record this day against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing: therefore choose life, that both thou and thy seed may live.
Photo #124: May 3
“Mrs. Archer?”
Although he had so much going against him, I never saw him without a huge, friendly grin on his face that broke into a hearty belly-laugh now and then. The oncology nurses painted the same picture of him. Their sadness at his passing was profound.
But even aside from violating the Constitution, it makes no economic sense for us to be engaged in yet another war overseas — especially during such tough economic times. For years now, we’ve been sending foreign aid to the very same Libyan government we’re now spending $10 million a day to fight. And it has been recently discovered that the Federal Reserve’s bank bailouts even benefited the Libyan National Bank. Now, we’re taxing the American people to bomb the very nation that we taxed them to prop up.
* I was in such a hurry that I forgot to look up and missed saying hello. I wasn’t angry or stuck up, just busy.
I can't seem to find any pictures from my afternoon on the island
I know I know, I've been m.i.a. this week.
Attention to detail is not this cartoon’s hallmark. A real Twister mat has only four rows of circles, not five.
Jenny Lewis is such a contradiction of opposing beliefs and values. So is Jael. Plus, the idea that there is good inside that has trouble getting out is something Jael struggles with.
Well it is one of those weekends, the ones where Mr N does a shift Wednesday to Friday and then a short turn around to starting a Sunday to Tuesday shift the following week. I hoped this weekend the rain would keep off for some family jaunts, well it did try, yet not hard enough. Saturday was spent food shopping then the afternoon watching our local football team, Leek Town at Harrison Park, whom scored an awesome 5 goals to Shepshed Dynamo’s zero goals. Leek had to gain those 5 goals for the play offs, depending on another game and their scores somewhere else in the country. Leek did it! Cheers and claps, fans running onto the pitch, a totally awesome game of which Mr N and our daughter wishes to go again, no problem as far as I am concerned.
Now I’ve always been the kind of person that doesn’t like to trepass but sometimes
About Me:
Recording provided by "William Tell"
A feminist probably cringes when she hears this. Feminism has taken center stage in our society, with women wanting to be self- sufficient, equal and powerful. I am all for equality in the work place and not being treated as an object. However, recently I have noticed many women resorting to feminism as if it is only through this belief system that they can be “free,” “empowered,” and “healthy.”
Dear Fellow beerlovers,
“Yes, I left and lost my new one, because I was mad at you for not letting me wear Buzz and Woody.”
Raccoons. There were somewhere in the neighborhood of five to seven large raccoons at our picnic site, fighting over the marshmallows and chocolate. And I will say, raccoons are cute, but they are pretty much known for carrying rabies, so I really was not feeling all that reassured. The primary relief I felt was in knowing that I could probably frighten them off pretty easily. I shined my flashlight and encouraged them to leave, and, with the exception of a couple of really aggressive ones, they scrambled away. The last two I had to actually approach and shoo away, but finally, they left as well.
Standard swimming calls for one breath every third arm recovery or every 1.5 cycles, alternating the sides for breathing. Some swimmers instead take a breath every cycle, i.e., every second arm recovery, breathing always to the same side. Most competition swimmers will breathe every other stroke, or once a cycle, to a preferred side. However some swimmers can breathe comfortably to both sides. Sprinters will often breathe a predetermined number of times in an entire race. Elite sprinters will breathe once or even no times during a fifty metre race. For a one hundred metre race sprinters will often breathe every four strokes, once every two cycles, or will start with every four strokes and finish with every two strokes.
Your fan for life,
4) Finding a Home for Oklahoma’s Orphans While not everyone is called to foster or adopt, every follower of Christ is called to bring justice to orphans and can do something to change the outcome for these kids.
Got to love that afro hair do.
This unwillingness to try something new that would save her time in the present and could potentially be useful to her in the future. This made me think long and hard about information literacy and an open mind. We talk about resource evaluation and computer literacy and social software, but in the end an open mind is the most important thing we can cultivate in our students. Without the willingness to question, experiment, and adapt, our students will not be able to apply information literacy skills outside of the assignments we give them. When I revise my teaching philosophy for my e-portfolio, I will include my ideas on how to promote this openness in the classroom.
It is my pleasure to welcome a Welsh writer who is also a friend and writing colleague, Brian George, to me 'umblest of blogs. Brian's second collection, 'Blindfold' was published a few months back by Stonebridge Publications. This is Brian's second collection with them, and I must say their books are rather lovely - each is finished by hand, and has a ribbon bookmark - and comes with the guarantee that should anything untoward happen to damage the artefact - they will repair it until it is good as new. How's that for flying in the face of the soullessness of the e-book?
Mr Sproule has worked extremely hard in Lichfield and is now seeing his efforts being rewarded,” Mr Bell continued. “Until recently he had only seven members in his area, but in a matter of weeks this has jumped to more than 50.
“Ma’am,” the nurse pauses. “Your insurance doesn’t cover blood from Mr. Green’s area code.”
Well, that last phrase from the title isn’t strictly true. But the booklet Being a Parent Today is finally printed and for sale from the Catholic Truth Society, so you can order copies from their website here. You can flick through some of the pages of the booklet on the CTS site.
The laws and safeguards that were mandated and followed by those who were law abiding, had an impact and helped to bridge the educational and economic chasm. However, it is human nature to take a good thing and exploit it to the point that it becomes a bad thing. The government, (that's us) did just that. For when things got back on an even keel and even started to lean in the opposite direction we failed to adjust the steerage. In doing so, we increased the injustice in the opposite direction and instead of helping those in need we created a segment of the population that is totally dependent on government for everything they have. We were forced by government (our elected representatives) to choose from a mixed bag of choices what category we fit into. By its very nature, this type of pigeon holing is divisive. We should never have to mark these boxes again. We are all citizens of the United States of America. I wish someone in the legislature would move to have all reference to race, skin color, national origin, language, or any other arbitrary and unnecessary classification removed from all government documents.
And then, of course. we HAD to make one of these dahhhhling little purses using the new Petite Purse Bigz Die. Ohmygosh!! These things are freakin' ADORABLE!! Sooo much fun to make, and so EASY, too! Stamps: NONE! Paper: Island Indigo, Whisper White, Summer Smooches DSP Ink: NONE! Accessories: Petite Purse Bigz Die, Dotted Scallop Ribbon Border, Boho Blossoms Punch, In Color Printed Brad, Small Heart Punch (for the scalloped border on the purse flap), Houndstooth Textured Impressions Embossing Folder Ta-DA!!! It's so fun to be able to find some time to create something ... and I'm SOOOOO happy that my room is clean! Makes the creative process much more fun!
Yellow check card - from my stash
These services are bundled into the project’s cost and are repaid through the dollar savings generated. For more information on ESCOs, visit http://www.naesco.org/resources/esco.htm.
I don't know shit about art. That's my sister's department.I don't know what Dali's intentions were, nor his reasons for painting this. I only know this painting has always captivated me.
There are many environment-related problems in the world. Mega-corporations and their pol-pawns in Washington and elsewhere are not clean on this. The paving-over of the Eastern and Western coasts of the United States and of much of Western Europe (and Japan) is a tragedy. The shopping mall and box-store pockmarks on the landscape everywhere are a disgrace. Nature in all its components should be treated with greater respect. There are enormous quantities of pollution and environmental destruction going on, on a gigantic scale.
And aspiration for its nurturance.
They flicked the switch
1- 2005 Samichlaus
Overall, I'm a fan. It's not quite what I was looking for, but it's still tasty. Definitely something to build upon. It is rather thirst-quenching and quaffable, so it can't be that bad. The next Stone Soup Ale should be coming towards the end of March or early April, right after we brew the '09 Ides of March RIS.
So long as there is an Israel - there will be no Holocaust. By might, by right - we are here. Today, we brought Aharon Alexander home. The families of those killed in the recent Paris school attack have already announced they will be among those moving to Israel in the near future.
Of course, the reality is that displacement is a function of market forces. Landlords capitalize on improved conditions and raise rents. Most landlords would prefer to retain tenants - there is less loss of income during vacancy and no concessions typically given to new tenants. But, in rapidly gentrifying areas, few small merchants are able to afford extraordinary increases. They vacate to newer businesses, often national giants, who can pay these rents.
I also was up on the Ruby Rock-it Blog on Saturday and I didn't get a chance to post it here because I was at my sister's house, helping her out. Here is the layout I created about my traveling mom:
Check out what other bloggers are saying on this topic:
But, chances are it’ll take me a while to actually get around to finishing up the series and having the initiative to write the review. I’ve just been sooooooo busy lately!!
I have to admit, I’ve been slacking on my prayer time. But then, God always been patient, and He always gives me a chance to start over. I miss those quiet moments when I talk to Him and I listen to what He wants to tell me. I can never thank Him enough for everything that He has done for me.
Designing your kitchen is perhaps the most important room in a home renovation. How many houses have you walked into, whith a great kitchen and it just makes your heart skip a beat!
This is the world she was born into. Temple has known nothing else. Her journey takes her to far-flung places, to people struggling to maintain some semblance of civilization - and to those who have created a new world order.
This isn’t a new revelation. I’ve known I would be an awful caveman since the first time I heard about Otzi, the caveman who was found frozen in a block of ice. They say he was most likely killed by a rock to the head. No doubt I, much like Otzi, would have been murdered during this time period. Sometimes sarcasm can get you in trouble, particularly with prehistoric men who are still baffled by fire.
1/2 cup - 1 sliced bananas (optional)
I’ll do my best, to earn the rest
A Rock Opera that has Jesus of Nazareth, Judas Iscariot, and King Herod, among others, brought into the 20th Century medium of Rock and Roll. Controversial in it’s approach that Jesus was “just a man.” Tim Rice’s lyrics bind this narrative together with such clarity and force that you’d think he’d located a Lost Scroll as a guide to chronicle the true story of Jesus’ last days. What’s the Buzz and Yvonne Elliman singing I Don’t Know How to Love Him are just two of the many standout tracks on what was originally a double LP release. Great songs, coherent story line, well recorded: a masterpiece in concept and execution (no pun intended.)
Team Hoyt is a father (Dick Hoyt, born June 1, 1940) and son (Rick Hoyt, born January 10, 1962) team from Holland, Massachusetts, who have competed together in various athletic endeavors, including marathons and triathalons. Rick has cerebral palsy and during competition Dick pulls Rick in a special boat as they swim, carries him in a special seat in the front of a bicycle, and pushes him in a special wheelchair as they run. Team Hoyt was inducted to the Ironman Hall of Fame in 2008.
As our nominee, Mitt Romney would keep the focus on Obama's failed policies... Romneycare is a problem for Romney, but not an insurmountable one. I think Romney will do a much better job of exposing Obama as a radical leftist than Santorum ever could, mainly because Santorum is too eager to let himself get lured into lecturing us about things like Satan, sodomy, pornography, contraception, and whether or not Protestants are real Christians.
Selling on a direct basis to retail chains was my first experience with “top – down selling” techniques. Our goal was to introduce our company and ourselves to high-level buying influencers, often called “C-level” buyers. We needed to be positively positioned with them for future selling within the account. These people would have titles such as CEO, COO, CFO, President or owner of the corporation.
By this time, she had already started filling her senses with his masculine smell, from his sweating body.
“There will be a time for this my beautiful and deadly woman, but today is not the day.” He said with such lust in is voice, a chill ran down my spine in disgust.
3. I am most definitely going to get lost trying to get to these people's houses
11. Tim Butler - All The Rest
All of Princess Margriet's four daughters-in-law borrowed the Ears of Wheat Tiara on their wedding days, as did Princess Irene's daughter, Princess Margarita. The tiara, which can be worn with varying numbers of wheat ears, is very subtle; so much so that you can hardly see it on some of these brides. It's a piece that makes sense for these ladies, as they are all a step removed from the main line of the royal family (Margriet and Irene are sisters of Queen Beatrix). Queen Beatrix's three daughters-in-law, on the other hand, borrowed more substantial pieces.
Adam Emmott
“Thanks,” he said and nodded again. He wiped his forehead with an AutoZone towel and opened the gatorade to take a swig.
Yeah, and it calls to me like a warm wind blowing
I paid thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars to a University. (University of Central Florida if you were wondering) and they gave me a printed piece of paper. 8 x 11. Standard copy paper. Not even any raised ink. The weight of the paper is barley heavier than what you print normally at home. It’s also a slight ivory color. OOOOooo. Swanky.
And let me just say that when you are exploring the contents of a trash bag and if you happen to come upon a lot of discarded red velvet cake batter in a hasty manner, your kitchen is poised to look like an episode of Dexter doing what he does best.
"That's good, I'm glad to hear that. It's okay; he can slip away like that."
I walk into my exam and this is who greets me:
A depiction of an arrested person holding a large quantity of U.S. currency. Photo: Shutterstock.com, all rights reserved.
The great supports of the internet for our life is very clear because the internet have many kinds information supports as well as communication supports which becomes great need for modern human society. The need of internet for modern society can be more and more including the need of Unlimited SMTP Server which can cover the need of receiving email which is huge enough especially for the organization need with large traffic for sure. On the other side, getting unlimited smtp account for personal use sometimes will not useful.
It is intimidating, to say the least, to walk into such a place and feel secure. It would be quite easy to get lost in the crowd. But that’s not what we’re longing for. We want and need a place to serve, and we need acceptance and relationships. The only way any of those things is going to happen is if we step out on a limb.
oh well, I can't have it all!!
Dawn reassured me and told me that she has worked with many people diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder. She sees any illness in terms of the soul and said that in her professional opinion she believes there is a huge link between the Bipolar mood swings and repressed anger. It made a lot of sense to me, as I know I was extremely angry with my colleague last August during our arguments, but hadn’t expressed it in any way.
perpetual water shortage.
Hence, the Tamil calendar begins on the same date observed by most traditional calendars in India as in Assam, Bengal, Kerala, Manipur, Mithila, Orissa, Punjab, Tripura etc. not to mention Nepal, Bangladesh, Burma, Cambodia, Laos, Sri Lanka and Thailand. The 60-year cycle is ancient and is observed by most traditional calendars of India and China, and is related to 5 revolutions of Jupiter, or to 60-year orbit of Nakshatras (stars) as described in the Surya Siddhanta.
In my teardrop body you sleep, sucking your thumb —
Here's what the box looks like when it's closed. I think it was a box for photos but I got it at a thrift shop and thought it would be fun to do a crazy quilting piece and insert it where the photo would go. I will never get to this as there are other "to do" items in my crazy quilting chest of goodies. Soooooooooo........I thought, let's give it away!
It's quite addicting and can easily keep you glued to the screen for 60+ hours. With the 4 DLC packs, it easily adds another 20-30 hours+... plus there's higher difficulty settings you can replay (Nightmare)
I was going to post a picture of my ring, but I think I’ll wait. I absolutely love it. It’s gorgeous. But, today we took it to get resized and unfortunately, my fingers are so small they don’t even stock the ring size in the country. It will need to be specially made and could take up to 6 weeks. I’m pretty gutted that I won’t get to flash it to everyone just yet, but I’m sure I will make up for it when it arrives!
Yahushua went on to explain to the crowd that He was the Bread of Life that came from The Father to do His will and not His own. He would do the will of the Father that sent Him. He went on to say that He would not loose any that the Father had given Him and that He would would raise them up on the Last Day.
The husband had to get up early this morning for the audit (I get to stay home and avoid the mess since I just work in the office, hehe). When I came down to the kitchen this morning, I was greeted by a cute little pink flower in a tiny little vase sitting on the windowsill…Husband picked it for me and put it there before he left–he’s a keeper, that one.
A thing to know about relationships is that they are to be approached naturally.
The little boy nodded solemnly, then asked, "Why don't they wear clothes?"
Remembering the kids, the box included fairy-stamp pens, a toy for Lovebug (it’s attached to her car seat handle), and some matchbox cars for Squishy. The coolest part about the cars is that they came in a neat sewn pouch/envelope. You open and unfold it to reveal two pockets, one for each car. Then you close up the pouch, secured by Velcro and they’re snug and safe. A great way to travel with a couple toys for my boy!
I am thankful my husband and my children encouraged me to get on Facebook! Through Facebook I have connected with family and friends. I found my next door neighbor way back when we were kids, she and her mother are both on Facebook. We've had a lot of fun reminiscing. I found another girl who lived up the street for a couple of years we were good friends but lost contact since her family moved around the country. Sadly I found a friend from high school but didn't send her a friend request at the time, a few months later on a memorial page for our high school, I discovered she died Dec. 2010. I had not heard from her in many years.
- Keep close to family and friends. Restore your daily routine. Do the external things necessary to fit into the rhythm of everyday life.
In order for whites to survive, they will have to become aware of the tactics and methods of the enemy. Is it not time that whites start adopting these Diocletian methods themselves? How can Whites use Diocletian’s “Problem-Reaction-Solution” to their own advantage? What does blacks consider as “problems” and can we create some for them to the point where there is an outcry “that something must be done”? Can we then supply them with the “Solution” in order to achieve our own goals?
I will make a set of two custom bag-tags for two winners. I can make tags for boys or girls, and the giveaway is open internationally. All you need to do is leave a comment with a back-to-school tip or hint. Giveaway ends at midnight on the 31st January. Goodluck!!
According to police logs:
Nobody was seriously injured in the blaze, though it was a very close call for the building’s “keepers” and their families, who lived on the top floor.
When I first returned home from Peru in early October, I was so filled with the love, excitement, and richness of my experiences with Ayahuasca that I felt compelled to write this account and to present some of it to my family and friends. I wanted, even needed, to communicate what I’d been through. Then, something happened at my job.
After crafting my “Wish List” two weeks ago, I’ve been thinking about a number of the things on that list. And the question that I keep coming back to is, why not? Why not do some of those things? Certainly some of them are not within my grasp (20 puppies and a pot-bellied pig unfortunately); however, there are some that can be readily accomplished, and others that just require an investment over time. And so in April I will
The Quality Of Recovery
15. Philadelphia Eagles ILB Luke Kuechly (B.C.) I think the Eagles would be better served taking Zach Brown of UNC but they stick with a NE prospect and try to turn around this team.
In 1777 Adam Weishaupt joined the Masonic lodge of Theodore of Good Counsel in Munich, Germany. Not only did he implant his views into the lodge, he was able to absorb, almost immediately, the entire lodge into the Illuminati order. As the Illuminati absorbed itself into Freemasonry, the public view was as if it has disappeared entirely. What most likely happened was that Freemasonry became one of the inner circles of the Illuminati. It is also important again to realize that not all masons or members of secret groups are “bad” or worship Lucifer (bearer of light – first light = venus).
He concludes by saying:
But you have clothed with mercy like a moss
*sigh
Local antique stores and flea markets
Bzzzzzt! gone.
I did quite a bit of dancing in the car on the drive too. Made a few dance videos for some friends and entertained numerous drivers with my mad skills.
Happy Tuesday everyone! Did you have a good weekend? Mine was a busy one. The ravioli making was actually very fun. I'd never made pasta before! I have a 'pasta' machine for my clay, but I don't think it's the same lol! Anyway, the Butternut Squash Ravioli turned out YUMMY : D
And one young man wrote, and this is a direct quote, “I think about the garden project as a model for being gentle: gentle with nature, gentle to your body, and gentle with each other. Now we need to remember and follow that model.” Isn’t that beautiful? (Applause.)
The current conservative government in Spain is attempting a new round of reforms. In France, by contrast, it looks like they are just about to elect a Socialist to protect the welfare state, replacing Nicolas Sarkozy, a "conservative" (by French standards) who was largely ineffectual at reforming the system.
Hot Chocolate: You Sexy Thing
25% across the board discounts on wine if you buy six bottles seem to be the supermarkets' favourite promotional strategy at the moment and this week it's Sainsbury's turn. I haven't had a chance to taste their range since I last flagged up my best buys back in December so I can't recommend any new bargains.
to not place value on my comments or followers or any of that non-sense.
Serenity loved getting the chance to walk around outside...not sure how interested she was in the animals. She did see some of them, like the giraffes, meerkats and sun bears, but overall, she was just happy to spend time outside!
Book 1
-Remove from steamer & Serve it as snack or breakfast!!
1/19/2012: Well I found that I could make it through one more day of spanking: only one more to go. It wasn't too bad tonight. The bathbrush she was using broke early on so she had to stop and get up to get a new instrument to beat my ass with..........I think that took a little wind out of her sails. Thank God!!! I posted a picture of my ass from tonight's beating. Of course, to be honest, that is the culmination of the week so far.
This is a little of what I saw around Milan during our first couple of days...
4. Consider your image. Before getting started, think about why you are using a particular site. What do you want to accomplish? This will help guide both the image you project and the types of people with whom you interact. I’ve been told by some that I’m too open and crazy with my social media but there is actually a method to my madness (basically, in the words of Groucho Marx, “I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.”). Remember that anything you say on the ‘Net never EVER goes away.
To make this life feel new.
The Gobies gained access into the Great Lakes and its tributaries in 1990. They came from the Black and Caspian Sea areas of Eastern Europe. They got to the Great Lakes via big ships and vessels. Gobies look as portrayed, “Round Gobies can reach up to 10 inches in length as adults, but usually they are less than 7 inches long in the Great Lakes. Females and immature male round Gobies are a mottled gray and brown color. Spawning males turn almost solid black. Round Gobies have a soft body and a large, rounded head with eyes that protrude near the top” (USGS).
Other nonsearchers are what BJ Lifton, in her work “Lost and Found: The Adoption Experience” refers to as ‘militant nonsearchers’. These nonsearchers are, unlike the first group, generally very critical of those who do search, and are belligerent about their own status. BJ Lifton quotes an anonymous letter writer in “Lost and Found”; “Spare me, then, the histrionics! I feel sorry for those who are beset by imaginary monsters;please, however don’t try to set them on those of us who are busy with the reality of living in the present.” (p.75)
Face: Holika BB cream in Baby Bloom over Defy Gravity and finished with Fierce & Flawless.
What is the right amount of music marketing when it comes to social media promotion and promoting a gig? When is it too much, and when is it bordering on spam?
Oh yes. Life is: Sweet, not always. (Written on a bus in Italy. I thought it was cool and wrote it in my little huge book of words that are put together in kick ass ways I like). So I know it will not always be lighthearted fun, but life happens. (I’d say ‘shit’ happens, but it takes an asshole to make shit happen, and neither of us qualify.) And it will be interesting no matter what.
Beiges will have a red, orange or yellow undertone.
It becomes a case of if “A” caused no harm, then implementing the next logical step of ‘B” should also cause no harm, and be even more beneficial to society as well. The Slippery Slope turns out to be, more often than not, the path of least resistance that enables the population to assign blame without remorse, attach cause where none is evident, and embrace bigotry and discrimination without conscience based solely on the personal choices that others may make.
EDITOR: Write it.
It's been quite a while since our last "Hip-Hop 101" lecture. Did you think your professor was ill, had died, had gotten fired, or had run off with that hot French student who never wears a bra to class?
• The Delaware River, the longest undammed river east of the Mississippi, which flows down to Philadelphia, Trenton, NJ, Camden, Wilmington, Delaware and then Delaware Bay between New Jersey and Delaware with its outflow hugging extended lengths of their coasts along the bay. According to the Delaware Riverkeeper site five percent of the U.S. population, over 15 million people, [including Philadelphia] relies on the Delaware River for their drinking water supply.
“B.C. researcher at centre of study that hopes to shock policy-makers into action. A Canadian researcher is at the centre of a provocative new international study that puts an eye-popping price tag on the damage being done to the world’s oceans and fisheries—a cost that could reach $2 trillion a year by 2100—from carbon emissions, over-fertilization, over-fishing and other human impacts. University of B.C. fisheries economist Rashid Sumaila, a leading critic of international fishing policies, is co-editor of the 300-page Valuing The Ocean report released last week at the high-profile Planet Under Pressure environmental conference in Britain. The study, touted as a “unique,” monetary assessment of global ocean health and threats, is the latest attempt by ecosystem-conscious scientists to affix financial value to planetary resources taken for granted in traditional models of economic activity. The idea, the researchers say, is to have citizens and policy-makers experience a kind of sticker shock when “the actual monetary value of the critical ocean services that we stand to lose” is revealed through a scientific-economic calculation. “By stressing the links between multiple marine stressors and the huge value of the vital services that the ocean provides to humankind,” Sumaila said in an interview, contributors to the report “hope to help kick-start decisive, integrated action to strengthen ocean governance and management across all scales, from local to global.”
Here are some tips; some lessons I've learned about drinking beer with little dough:
After remembering how much fun I used to have roller skating I started thinking about the fact that I should buy myself a pair of skates so that I can start it up again. One of my ultimate “that would be awesome” fantasies is to join a roller derby league. Of course, I’m getting older and I’m not sure I could Whip It like those ladies do, but it’s fun to dream. Plus, I don’t get any broken bones or bloody noses in Dreamland (on the rink things might be different).
- Shortest car ride home....ever...thanks kid.
Foeders are, of course, the huge oak barrels Rodenbach ages
Yep. Crock pot. I know that a lot of you see the 7 - 9 hours cooking time and freak right out. That is why you plan ahead and put it together in the morning and then you have a super yummy and impressive meal for dinner. This is a good thing.
"The coldest winter I ever saw was the summer I spent in San Francisco."
9:00 call to check on my baby did you give her her lovee? yes dear! did you read her bible? yes, dear! did she eat dinner, yes dear! and tell my hubby good night!
Getting someone to open an email, become interested in a new product and ultimately buy is not an easy feat. In this article, we’ll go over a few tips for writing emails leading up to a launch, including tips for writing emails to other people’s (JV partners’ and affiliates’) lists.
“And foreigners who bind themselves to the LORD
One other special thing about the May Make and Take is that every single stamp set that I used on the projects we made are all retiring on May 30th. On this card we are saying Goodbye to Concord Crush, Precious Butterflies, Messages for Mom, Pear Pizzaz, and French Filigree.
This particular day started out like any other and I had no inkling what was to come. As was our habit, we arrived a bit early so that we could meet up with the other kids in our gang and hang out for a few minutes and catch up on the gossip before school. We had gotten out of the car and started walking toward the entrance of the wing our lockers were in when I realized I'd left some homework in the car and had to go back after it. My friend went ahead on in to meet the rest of our group.
Don’t tell me I’m a mournful rain,
ALL INGREDIENTS AND METHODS ARE SUBJECT TO PERSONAL CHOICE, BUT WITH BAKING BE CAREFUL TO USE THE EXACT MEASUREMENTS…
And most of all, I need God’s help discerning which wish or hope I’m holding on to. For it’s often only when I let go of my deepest desires that my deepest worries are set free.
a woman of 85
I've had pretty much a year of thinking and contemplating and crying and seeing my nutritionist and psychologist along with family and friends that were both supportive and undecided. (Or even worse...extremely opinionated without doing any research or just hearing from a 'friend of a friend' how this or that didn't work).
Here is the promo for “The Departed:”
Don’t tell me I’m a mournful rain,
But trips to Gulen’s complex prove otherwise.
The London-based Observatory for Human Rights, which has a network of activists across the country, said 10 were killed.
the lights will go out and candles will be lit
Scruggs’ style of three-finger picking influenced banjo players everywhere. Here are two clips from the old days. I love how he bends the notes in the first clip by adjusting the tuning pegs:
What most are not aware of is how the ROD works and how it’s very much like a combination lock. You have to have the sequence in order or it just won’t open. ROD requires a certain formula of deceleration rate to be the start of the evaluation. This picks the races. The next formula picks the best two most similar races for that horse which is racing today. The next formula picks the best race of those two and isolates that particular race. The next formula pits all the horse’s best race against each other horse’s best race in the past. The next and final formula picks the best three horses for today’s race card. So you can see that if there are nine ROD formulas to choose from in the combination, you must have them stacked correctly in sequence or you just can’t open the lock. Once its open, it is then we apply the trend to see how deep the closers are and validate the selections on the Bet Sheet.
I can bring in the house...
in the month of February and it looks like March will be
We had our original folky skeleton designs professionally printed
The Top Ten Concept LP’S of All Time
To say we huffed and puffed up it is an understatement and in all honesty, two miles in and I wasn’t really sure where we were.To make matters even worse we came to a point where 3 roads meet and we didn’t take the one that would take us down the steep hill we had tried to avoid – oh well. Still it was a lovely route and gave us a few options for some different routes. Every cloud has a silver lining – we were so high up we could see the silver lining!!
I just told a lie. Here comes Satan dragging me to the center of the town square and places a noose around my neck in preparation for my execution. Mean while all his demons begin chanting “somebody has to die, somebody has to die!” Suddenly out of the crowd of demons steps forth a man wearing a white hoodie (Yes, in my mind Jesus wears a hoodie lol). He removes the hood off His head and introduces Himself to me, “hello my name is Jesus, the Son of God.” The demons hiss and Jesus proposes this question to me, “would you like me to die for you?” Though shocked at His question I immediately say “yes!” The demons push me aside and quickly seize Jesus. Satan mocking Jesus says “being hung is not a suitable death for the Son of God, let us crucify Him!” I watch as Jesus is whipped and tormented on the cross and all He says to me is “you are forgiven and receive my eternal life.” I stand in amazement thinking “this man just took my punishment so that I won’t have to. He received death so that I can receive life.”
How bout you? Do you find it hard to rest?
2. What story can I write now?
Loneliest heart to survive, she said
well, think about it, if everything went the way you wanted it to…
The past year has been beyond life-altering for Meghan Chase. Suddenly thrust into the world of Faerie and the rivalries between the Seelie and Unseelie Courts, Meghan realizes her importance in this beautiful yet cruel world, a world that has silently existed alongside hers ever since she was born. To complicate matters further, the Seelie and Unseelie have become threatened by a new kind of Faerie—the Iron Fey, brought to life by the ever-increasing reliance humans have of technology. Meghan, with the aid of the Unseelie prince Ash and childhood friend, the Faerie Puck, has already defeated the first Iron King and successfully retrieved a stolen scepter in time to stop a Faerie war. Meghan thought she was never going back, especially since she and Ash had been banished from the Faerie world together—a punishment for their forbidden love. But the rise of a second Iron King changes all that, and Meghan finds herself once again in the complicated world of Faerie, on a quest to save the entire Faerie race.
Even though most of these college students who are filing bankruptcy can’t include student loans in their discharges, they’re still feeling as though it’s the only way to get out from under the rest of their debt. In short, we have young adults who are already facing financial disaster due to overwhelming bills and they’ve yet to work a single day in the career they chose.
Now time for some visual entertainment. Here’s a tribute to Nathan from Misfits, hope the movie career leaves you used, dried up and bent over a table.
They wrote a book of bullshit
You're probably wondering what I made all day! There were about 12 things by the time we wrapped up around 10:30PM, but here are some shots of my favorite projects that day. I kept things CAS and colored a LOT with Tombow markers, using lots of SU! stamps. It was really fun being there and getting to use so many products that I don't own myself!
Though I, once gone to all the world must die;
With homecoming came unpacking and resettling into the routine of life with a 14-month-old. I was spring-boarded back into work activities with the arrival of our first group of the new year—an enthusiastic bunch from Tennessee who are mostly first-timers to Haiti, full of curiosity and open to adventure, learning and reflection.
Yeah. Studies hard.
~A.W. Tozer – The Pursuit of God
I wish I could be with Shannon right now and give her a hug.
The second diary has much longer, rambling entries and is therefore much juicier. I’ve gathered from my reading that at the time the unnamed writer had a boyfriend named Devin, but that didn’t stop her from meeting a boy she had a crush on named Christian at a local park in this undated entry:
One more day 'til Fridayyy!!
“Wait a minute, Baron,” you say. “You’re sensationalizing these things again! The kind gentleman from the Mexican consulate was just there to help Mexican parents find a good recipe for refried beans, or perhaps to provide a list of places in greater St. Paul where they can get their maracas repaired.”
wielding words like a cat o’ nine tails
Enjoy discussing what your preschooler learned today. Share your own ideas only after he or she has shared his or her.
Outcomes
I then went as far back as Day 1 and realised I had mis-numbered another 2 days. Being obsessive-compulsive, I had to rectify this. There is no easy one button way to re-title each post apart from going into edit each individual one. So that’s what I did from day 173.
Add 1/4 Cup roasted eggplant to the food processor also.
“I was told to return and take up my duties as a “midwife” to this gargantuan raw nervous system. It was important to ensure the proper growth and development of the larva and to make certain it didn’t panic or struggle too much when it woke up to its true nature as a singular life form. Incidentally, what we experienced as “evil” was simply the effects of inoculation against some cosmic disease, so I wasn’t to worry too much.
-If you don't care to hear from anyone who disagrees with you just unfriend all of your friends of a different political persuasion and tune solely in to your biased news programs that will never challenge your long held understanding of how the world works.
There is nothing like having a baby … nothing in the world as amazing and nothing in the world as f****ng annoying. Sue me. It’s the truth. Motherhood goes from being the best thing you’ve ever done to the most IRRITATING thing you’ve ever done all within the same 10 miliseconds. People just never admit it because they think it makes them a bad mother. I don’t give a shit about that, I know I’m a good mother; I’m not afraid or embarrassed to admit that about 20 times a day being a mother is ANNOYING to my soul. I love him but oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh this boy can work my last damn nerve – like as we speak, he is screaming my entire house down, gonna have the neighbours fucking calling social services and shit!
I'm not sure that I'll have a chance to blog while I'm in Mihhihhippi. I suspect that my mother's Internet connection is pretty slow, and she is a hoverer. And I mean that in the nicest possible way. So I'll try to keep notes and write something brilliantly funny about the experience on Sunday night.
Relegation had rendered Blues European campaign as a meaningless distraction to many, and maybe it was. Maybe it cost us a crack at automatic promotion this season. But it was a fantastic distraction, and Blues gave it real go. Swatting aside a dreadful Nacional side may not have been an event of world-historical significance. But going to Brugge and winning, something that no English club, let alone a penniless second-tier outfit, has ever managed in a competitive fixture certainly was.
RP hung up (not in ager) and called my office to ask us to take a print out for him of his hall ticket. Did I mention that this was little past 10 in the night? Talk about late realization. If I am not wrong, we did have a little fun at R’s expense, telling him that we didn’t have ink in our printer, and could only print in white ink. We asked him if it was ok to paint a paper black and print with white font. I am not really sure if this was the sequence of events, but I think it was. I hope it was, because this seems like a good story.
Athletics are required at Dana Hall as part of the school’s commitment to wellness – but for riders, that’s not a concern, as the campus’s amazing equestrian center and riding program are considered part of the athletic program, allowing you to fulfill both your wishes and the school’s mandate. Sarah Summers is head of the Dana Hall riding program and, as an alumna of the school herself, she has a deep passion for all things Dana Hall and a wide ranging experience in the horse industry that makes her top-notch in her field. (Her contagious enthusiasm for her program doesn’t hurt either.)
As I crossed the road I reflected on his feelings for many of his fellow cabbies who were slated to lose their taxis to the rule the city had passed to ‘phase out’ taxis older than 25 years. Only a little over a week remained for the rule to come into force. But little did we know that morning that in a little over a week from now the city of Bombay would begin to lose more than just a few thousands of Premier Padminis.
The Better Book Company do not advertise costs for an author on their website, simply because they deal with each author’s book as an individual project, and will only quote a cost when they have fully appraised all the details. While I agreed to a certain extent with this general philosophy—I do think that the Better Book Company would serve them better if they at least provided some example quotes on their website.
Asked Pops about Addler. Remembers it 'cause he was there. Fine player, pop says. A real terrier.
5th December - Sunday
Above: A pic of the final print. it is a three color, limited edition silkscreen. A ginormous THANKS goes out to Mr. James Heimer for the printing! (Go buy something from him please.)
Because if we don't, then all hell breaks loose. And we can't let that happen. It might be too much fun.
Big Audio Dynamite E = mc² UK
3. I'm going to get more involved with the Pennsylvania Brewer's Guild -- again, if they'll have me -- and learn more about legislation, lobbying, and political action.
Who's in!? Who can testify that living simply and letting go is the way to go? Who has a hard time saying goodbye and why? What clutter busting tips and tricks do you have for those learning to let go?
This week I'm sharing a new book I just bought! For those of you that watch the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills you may recognize Lisa Vanderpump. The Real Housewives shows on Bravo are a guilty pleasure of mine! My favorites are the California shows (Beverly Hills and Orange Country). Lisa is my absolute favorite housewife on all the shows! I love her style! I still can't believe she's my age! Oh...how I would love to look like that!!!
So why did I spend the whole time waiting for you to walk in the door. You said you would. You didn’t (proof one: my idiocy). So I messaged you and asked when you were coming to play (proof two: my idiocy). You replied and said you weren’t coming. So I got sad, I would probably even go to the extent of saying I nearly cried (proof three: my idiocy). So I left my friends and went home because, let’s face it, I’m now rubbish company (proof four: my idiocy). And then once I was home you texted me to ask where I was and I said I was home. You had changed your mind and come to surprise me.
I know some of it has to do with “The Brain.” He has a visit coming soon to talk about funeral arrangements. Overall, he’s feeling good after recovering from his pneumonia, but the decline is still there. Then again, he might plateau again, which his nurse today mentioned as something for which he’s due. The good thing is that this last illness is getting him to talk about needing more help and making future arrangements.
This term a year 7/8 class from Talbot Specialist School have been working at the CLC to create their own animated version of the story of Robin Hood. The class worked really well together, taking it in turns to take the pictures on the computer, move the characters, and boss everyone about as director. They had built the set and characters before they came to the CLC – the set was good and robust, but the characters struggled to stand unaided, so we filmed from above, with everything laid flat.
Humayan's Tomb is a huge green oasis hidden within a large red stone wall with the towering domed mosoleum in the centre. We hung around until sunset enjoying the peaceful grounds filled with the sounds of the qawwali singers in the distance.
This is the case with any branding initiative but it's a lot easier to dissect the fruits of someone else's labor. When you are forced into a moment of introspect, things get uncomfortable, usually a bit sticky and ultimately someone steps in something gross and tracks it across the living room floor. Fortunately for this industry, a creative solution can clean up any mess.
You are a foreigner and you have no money in South Africa,” Issa explained, adding that the officers swore at him and told him to “f**k off from SA”.
Todd Russell Hill, 34, Boston, Mass.
And of course, I do find some Amon Düül II, though it’s not the CD I wanted. But then a funny thing happens. I’m looking at a huge wall of CDs by Austin singers and bands. Legendary Texas concert posters hang in various other corners of the store. Suddenly I feel like I’m in a museum. Austin has become a theme park of Cool. It’s Disneyland with tattoos and a wallet chain, a cultural amusement zone. It’s a brand—it’s Underground Town.
"This was the way one lost one’s homeland. The first things lost were the sights, then the smells. Touch disappeared, and, of course, taste was quick to follow. Even the sounds of one’s own language, in a foreign place, evoked only nostalgia."The title of the novel also perfectly captures the core message. The Lotus Eaters refers to Homer's Odyssey where people ate lotus fruits on an island and fell into a peaceful sleepy apathy, never to return home. Similarly, once Helen gets a taste of Vietnam, she is unable to leave. Although The Lotus Eaters is not perfect- for example, there is quite a large chunk of time skipped about how exactly Helen and Linh pass the years which felt missing and incomplete- it is so incredibly beautiful that any flaws the reader may find can be easily forgiven. Although The Lotus Eaters may initially appeal to those already interested in the time period, as somebody who had never read about the Vietnam War before I was expertly drawn into the a different country and time. The novel is full of beautiful specifics, but what makes it so wonderful is that the larger themes like looking for love and trying to find where your home is, are completely universal. With The Lotus Eaters Tatjana Soli has written a debut which any reader should be compelled to pick up as they will effortlessly fall into the world Soli has created where the fictional and the real become blurred with complete beauty.
Want to try Picture Keeper for yourself? Then you're in luck! One lucky Shady Lady reader will win a Picture Keeper PK4! Use the Rafflecopter form to enter. Please allow a minute or two for Rafflecopter to load. If you're still having trouble, just leave a comment with your info in the regular comment section below and I'll enter it into the Rafflecopter form. Winner selected randomly and will be notified by email, but must respond within 48 hours or an alternate winner will be selected. Giveaway open to US residents only please. Ends midnight Saturday May 5th. Good luck!
Even in Morgoth’s nethermost hell, Húrin sees something like the clear “shaft of light” that Master Samwise would see in Mordor several thousand years later: there was light and high beauty forever beyond the Shadow’s reach.
Even though I was surrounded by those sweet nothing lovers, Valentine’s never really moved me at all. I remember only celebrating it with my mother and my best friend. In my high school years when February 14 suddenly got its way, before going home I will buy my mother an artificial rose and both of us will spend the day ordinarily. While on my best friend’s case, it’s my tradition to give her a card and any heart shape stuffs and together we both remembered the days that had gone by. That’s my Valentine.
To you Little Miss very tall pole that I must slide down because there was absolutely no other way down... you appeared to be a certain broken bone if my arms failed and you intimidated me the most but BOO YA!
The later also used Robert as one of the main characters as a rock heroe in his novel "The Lonely Boys2. Later in 1996 after "Feels like Buzz Aldrin" two vinyl 7" were released - "Thrilla in Manilla/Hoss" and in 1997 "Spy Vs Spy/Theme from the Persuaders". Both singles are now released also on CD alltough in other versions.
Count on Me
~If you are interested in trading product in exchange for advertising, please contact me. Something can be worked out, usually, if the items can be reviewed on my channel, included in a giveaway, or used by me personally.
Since so many people close to me read this blog I will have to tread lightly by what I say about this. I'm not about to bring something out in the open about someone I know on my blog. But since it has everything to do with me I think its OK to, at least partially, talk about what's bothering me.
I'm begrudgingly back in the groove at work. Still cross-training on MRI scanning but enjoying the change in scenery. It is amazing what science can do these days in the field of medicine. I've been at work almost every day since we've been back from vacation, whether it be for a few hours or an entire 12 hour shift. I tried to take my first "sick day" of the year and stay home to help the family with some stuff. Wifey was sick and kids had science projects and church treks to pack for. Sure enough, one hour into my "night off" and I was called in to work. My replacement for the night shift doesn't know Ultrasound scanning so, by default, I was still on call even after calling in sick. So, I went to work for about two hours and quickly scampered back home.
The sun gradually pulled itself from the horizon, poking its tender head over the trees on the Field of Mars. “At first, I suspected Tiro,” I began, “After all, who knows you better than Tiro himself? But on reflection, it couldn’t have been Tiro; he would never have harmed your works no matter what.”
On the twelfth day of Christmas
4.) (19 April 2006) “All of them took the Fifth. All of them refused to cooperate. All of them refused to give a DNA sample, until the court produced an order compelling them to do so.”
so nature feeds the artist
In Mark 13:37 Jesus said: “What I say unto you I say unto all, Watch.”
Woo!
I'll have bits and pieces about what's up for the next ten days, so check back....
The guys in California have is pretty good. There's nothing quite like being so close to such breathtaking scenery and having sunshine on tap to make life look pretty good. I found myself fantasising about running away to the Golden Coast, wearing a permanent tan, learning to skateboard and driving an obscenely hyper-masculine 1980s car.
342 **3. "Law & Literature and Shakespeare: Explorations." Oklahoma City University Law Review, vol. 26, pp. 1-259 (2001). (Sources: Items D-XII/5/1981, D-V/16/1983, D-VI/6(A)/1986, D-XII/5/1987, D-II/22(A)/1988, D-V/29/1988, D-X/6/1989, D-XI/20/1989, D-II/25/1991, D-XI/3/1991, D-III/22/1992, D-IV/24/1994, D-III/12/1995, D-I/19/1997, D-IV/13/1997, D-IV/26/1997, D-III/19(B)/2000, below.)
0930 AM – WORKSHOP REGISTRATION, PAYMENT, AND LUNCH ORDER
After an exciting but exhausting weekend in the showroom, it’s time to ditch the fluorescent lights and test some hardgoods on the snow. Off to Winter Park for the on-snow demo.
For 'The Line, The Cross, The Curve' Bush hooked up with
1327 **D-X/31/1999. “Molly Bloom, Her Will and Testament (June 17, 1904).” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Alpine Valley Lodge, East Troy, Wisconsin. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(12), above, pp. 514-30.)
Guess whose oldest was old enough to compete this year? Yep-P! He only went to 3 of the six meets and did not make it to State, but I am so proud of him. I cannot believe he will be 12 in May-where has the time gone?
Now, on to getting my 10K time to 55 minutes!
10. THE BOOK OF ADVENTURES by Douglas Kolacki
I think this girl is a totally babe. She's the perfect thinspo for me because she's my age and around my current weight (136-137lbs), although she is taller than me at around 5'7.5" and I'm 5'4.5".
I've gotten some neat craft ideas, great sewing tips, a few "inspiration" picture, and some decent recipes from there. In fact, most of my pins are recipes. I like food.
The rest is, as they say, history.
One of my most favorite things to do is stroll through the Fine Art building and take a peek at all the pieces chosen for display. The State Fair competition is one of the state's largest juried art competitions. Inspirations abounded this year, but one piece called to me and kept muse (and me by default) up half the night dreaming of story ideas.
My proposal is this: if we could get even 30-40% of everyone in the western world to not drive their cars or buy gas for one day a week, the economic impact on the cabal would be tremendous, to such a point that Obama would do something absurd as sign a bill that would have anyone refusing to drive put in jail — he already wants to imprison anyone who refuses his healthcare plan. But say we get 50% to not drive or buy gas for two days a week…we would see gas prices go down to $1.20 as an incentive for the masses to consume 7 days a week.
Well this long introduction was really meant to set the stage for the question I left you in my last blog. The pieces I remembered after reading parts of Ecclesiastes 3 was from one of my all time favorite poems by TS Eliot, Love Song of J Alfred Prufrock. I’ve copied the section of the poem that reminded me of the same form and repetition seen in Ecclesiastes.
Join us on Tuesday July 14 at The Coney, 8pm for our July homebrewing club meeting. We'll welcome a new member, Mike, who plans to share his first homebrewed beer. The Coney also now has Leffe Brune on tap, which is a nice Belgian dark ale. If you have some beer to share, please bring it.
PROJECTED DOSE MODELS COORDINATED WITH OTHER AGENCIES NONE SAID OFFICIALLY WITH A PRESS RELEASE. mR. DOORMAN. sUPRESSING INFORMATION. ‘
There is this huge God with massive love for you.
Paper: Raspberry Fizz, Basic Black, Basic Grey, Pretty In Pink, White
Isn’t that at least half of the Bill of Rights under assault?
I'm still considered a contractor, but now I'm in a situation that's called "contract to hire". How exciting. What exactly does that mean, you may ask? I have no bloody idea, I may answer, but I'm keeping my nose clean, my mind open, and my fingers crossed, hoping that I may leverage my, charm and good looks, along with my kick-ass project management skills, into a full time, permanent gig. We shall see.
West Virginia really is a unique place to live. It’s elevation and geographical location allows it to be the home for many different plants and animals. Birding in particular is a lot of in West Virginia. Getting up in the early morning, feeling that fresh mountain air on your face and listening to the birds sing is a really great way to start any day. If you are going to go birding in West Virginia, there are some birds that you definitely must see. After doing a little birding myself, these are my five favorite birds in West Virginia.
`Isaiah 9:6
This is just one more thing you should think about. If you're going somewhere and want to get your humor on think about what kind of people you'll be with and what kind of humor you want to communicate.
The past two weeks, instead of doing my never-ending assignments, I’ve been going to the pet shop in Melbourne Central to waste time aww-ing at the cute animals. Speaking of which, a dog got stolen from there two weeks ago! And the police has released a picture of the stolen dog’s sibling (who looks the same), in hopes of people spotting the stolen dog and reporting it………… Wtf. How do they suppose people would recognise that exact same dog… Ahh, it is things like these that make my day. I know it sucks for the shop owner, but it’s so ridiculous that it made me laugh. You can read the article too and see the picture for yourself here.
- Lindsay Lebresco, Graco
Notes on Contributors / 149
Hailing from Indianapolis/Bloomington, and warming my heart to see a few dudes that I haven’t spoken with in a very long time, this is one of the best examples (along with Racebannon, Gates of Slumber, and the aforementioned Black Arrows…)of what kind of shit goes down in the Indiana basements, much to others’ surprise. Quality rage, pure violence, and a taste for the macabre is welcome in any metal scene, I am aware, but it is this Hoosier scene that I so miss. There may not be quanity, but so help me…you know where that thought is going.
Summarized what will be the effect of both ideas (from last week and this)? Only if you are able to draw interest your course will be in everybody’s mouth. Only when you manage to engage people you are able to create emotions. Golfers talk about your course, about the experiences they made, about the hospitality. And you are perfect when you gather all these emotions upfront and after such an event on various social media platforms.
Like I said, it was a relief.
When I say that, people in the writing business just cringe. They say that it's not historical enough, or that it simply doesn't sell. So I have stuck to the tried-and-true, and I write in Regency England. It is, after all, my second-favorite era in history. But there's something about the 1920s that makes it irresistible to me. Maybe it's the Art Deco sleekness of design. The hot jazz music and gorgeous silent films. The beaded dresses and adorable bobbed haircuts? Delicious. And the romance writer in me loves that this era was a great time of sexual revolution, particularly for women. Why not write a romance novel set in an era where women really began to take charge in the bedroom?
________________________________
Before you read this; don't judge me. Haven't you ever read a magazine? It's full of this shit and you would probably pay money for it.
Jack W.a and Valerie Rowe
The photo was taken on the battlefield of Antium by Matthew Brady.
"People travel to wonder at the height of mountains, at the huge waves of the sea, at the long courses of rivers, at the vast compass of the ocean, at the circular motion of the stars; and they pass by themselves without wondering... Now, let us acknowledge the wonder of our physical incarnation— that we are here, in these particular bodies, at this particular time, in these particular circumstances. May we never take for granted the gift of our individuality."In prayer, we so often reserve the bulk of time to personal requests -- not to diminish that, please don't misunderstand, for we are called to depend on God in all things --but I consider the sole leper who returned to Christ with thanks and praise. "Ten were cleansed, were they not? Where are the other nine? Has none but this foreigner returned to give thanks to God?" Then he said to him, "Stand up and go; your faith has saved you." He received the greatest gift - salvation - because of his gratitude.
Level 21: Mastery: +66%, Weapon ATT: +21, Minimum Critical Damage: +11%.
The book, Mantra Yoga and the Primal Sound by Dr. David Frawley is not simply a collection of mantras or an expression of their moral significance; it is an interpretation of the philosophy and the reality of the mantric approach to intelligence and knowledge held within the sound code or vibratory pattern behind the universe itself.
But then I thought to myself...self...there was another time recently that it wasn't so bad...upon the return from your recent visit to see Eldest. I had put that to a new mattress and starting yoga however, and also starting up the biking again, and really altogether too many variables to zero in on a cause, and who cared because it didn't last.
There isn't a whole lot of prims to be found there as of yet, and I'm hoping that will change. There is an awful lot of jewelry there, like many of the online selling venues and is very competitive to get a slot. Wish I could say that the sellers were always respectful, but can't. Many will promote themselves while others lots are up for auction. Many will chat over buyers questions so the seller miss them completely. Many are just plain rude. But like anywhere in life, we have all types.
The president is still learning on the job. He makes mistakes (sometimes horrendous ones), but I honestly believe that he is as good as it's going to get in this political atmosphere. There is nothing I would like more than a real progressive president, who makes bold moves and helps the people who need help the most. However, we vote for President and not for king. Was health care, financial reform, etc. a lot less than we could have hoped for? Of course, but would it have even been on the agenda for a Republican president? I don't think so. And spare me the, "what we need is a real progressive in the office" language. First of all, a "real progressive" couldn't win the office of President. Anyone with a record of pushing a true left leaning agenda would be destroyed by the right wing press before they even got a chance at the White House. We live in a country where millions of people can be convinced to vote against their own self interest by lies and slogans. And if by some miracle they were elected, they would face a Congress who care more about being re-elected and sucking up to the money men and women who line their pockets than helping those among us who need help the most.
As we clung to each other, tenderly smooching outside the decidedly un-romantic airport security checkpoint, I felt like I was having an out of body experience when GDA breathed, Wait for me.
Everyone on this list is scrambling for a place to hide. The bases near Washington DC and Denver were both quite popular due to their convenient locations.
With a title like this, I think I ought to dispense with the rhetorical amenities and come straight to the point. For those of you who do not know, it may be worth saying that the phrase, “crap-detecting,” originated with Ernest Hemingway who when asked if there were one quality needed, above all others, to be a good writer, replied, “Yes, a built-in, shock-proof, crap detector.”
support, faith and respect.
I just wanted to let everyone know that we were affected by the floods in Tennessee. We were very lucky however and all that was affected was our phone and Internet service. I am using my phone to do this post but I can not post pictures from here. As soon as I get Internet back there will be a post about the flood with pictures.
As was the racist murder of Richard Mannington-Bowes (aged 68) – murdered by Darrel Desuze – the colonisation of England continues, the genocide of the white British people continues, the murder of white british people continues – but those who ask if race is an issue……………….. ‘SHUT THEM UP’
July is here, and the first day brought a lot of much needed rain. Hoping tomorrow morning goes well, prayer and positive thoughts definitely needed.
So thinking of the past can give both pleasant, humorous, sad, embarrassing and shameful memories. for example over the last 8 months i have been living far away from family and friends in Sydney and its pushed me through my last stages of choosing the self persecuting choices which led me astray towards a chaotic bipolar day to day living into this sense of independence and living happily content. It was during this time of chaos that my blog was practically a husk of what it used to be, and only written when I was on the happy side of this chaotic bipolar little slice of hell. To put it simply it was a series, well pretty much a pattern of “happy-disappointment-angry-upset-break up-apologies-false sense of happiness” for about 6 months. Yes if you’ve gathered so far I’m talking about my previous relationship, and now your probably thinking “why didn’t you end it sooner if you were so unhappy then?” well it wasn’t as easy that, I was both in denial and holding onto that last slither of hope that things would change, I’m not saying I wasn’t happy at all in this 6 month duration, but it was quenched and like a candle in the rain, it didn’t take long to go out.
Himena Osaki's current (at least I think current) nails:
Here is the random/Accessories I've got.
The front and back cover of the accordian style invitation was created using Stardream shimmer cardstock in cappaccino. Releasing the ribbon tied around the invitation, the guest was soon gazing at a watercolor illustration of the brides home where the wedding was to take place. The lovely black and white ink drawing she provided was first printed on the invitation then hand painted by me. The entirety of the invitation wording was hand lettered in a custom look to fit the sweet occasion.
Receive BNOTP updates right in your Inbox:
The video tutorial says to use Mod Podge to finish the project, but I didn't care for how that looked on my tester. It made the photo look too glossy (even though it was satin Mod Podge) and too home-made, as opposed to handmade. :) So, I just didn't use it on these.
Since the military council, known as Scaf, took power in February, the Copts’ situation has worsened. Attacks on churches and congregations in Cairo and Upper Egypt were followed by the killing of 27 protesters, mostly Christian, by security forces at Maspero, Cairo in October. Like many Copts, Samia now believes the army has a clandestine power-sharing deal with the Muslim Brotherhood—and is willing to sacrifice the rights of minorities to secure it.
Before there was True Blood on HBO, there were Charlaine Harris’ adroitly written Southern supernatural Sookie Stackhouse series. As much as I love True Blood, I gotta say, the books are far better. They may not have quite as much language and sex, but they have their share. More importantly, though, they have heart. Quite a bit of it, actually. And they’re funny in all the right places. I think Ms. Harris sets the gold standard for “rural” fantasy; I can’t really call it “urban” fantasy since most of the stories take place in sleepy little Bon Temps.
80. Home For the Holidays (Holly Hunter) – Dysfunction at its’ best.
Tendered Eyekhol (MAC)
I am not going to rest till i get a properly working replacement for my device. The damn thing is only 6 months old.
A makeover?
listening rock again
6. You know how people say "There's no such thing as bad pizza?" Well, I feel the same way about Doritos. Even the lamest gimmick Doritos, like the mystery flavor a few years back, were fine by me. I can't really get behind Doritos Jacked though. The whole idea behind them negates what Doritos are all about. They made these chips harder to create more of a crunch, but I'd rather not break my teeth, thank you. And even though they amped up the amount of Dorito dust on these suckers, the actual chip is twice the size of a normal Dorito chip. They are more like the size of a restaurant style Tortilla chip. You need to take a few bites of one chip rather than stuff a whole chip in your mouth. Bah. Whatever. If you're going to try them, I suggest the Smoky Chipotle BBQ flavor if you're into that type of thing.
“Sure!” After the clerk finished reading, she pulled out a massive abacus to complete the transaction, while the shopper fished through her purse for some glass beads and decorative feathers with which to finish paying for her items.
Nielsen CV, Brandt LPA. Spontaneous abortions among women using video display terminals. Scand J Work Environ Health 1990; 16: 323-328.
When cooled, shred chicken either using clean fingers (I find this to be the easiest option) or two forks.
Mounting orations
Listing our fortunes can help us heal faster, I think.
What are little stones you step upon,
But Mr. Think came prepared for all eventualities. His burly assistants jumped on Sharshar and restrained him and his pathetic minions with no effort. When peace was restored, Mr. Think urged Nibras to continue.
Boy gets girl just in time for the rollicking final number.
Your Mum would be waiting for me at the airport. I can still remember seeing her there, looking out for me on the other side of Security. Frankly, it brings tears to my eyes to even remember it.
Jim Morrison was a rebel poet subjected to severe censor and punishment for behavior that today is more or less expected of rock stars. Yet, in March of 1969, Morrison was arrested on stage for "indecent exposure" and sentenced to eight months of hard labor. The real crime for which Morrison was found guilty; was expression of music and lyrics both iconoclastic and anarchist in a refusal to accept social repression and restraint.
It wasn't too long ago I acquired a Vivienne Westwood bowling bag - my treasure. I even christened it Viv; and when Viv wasn't tucked in her cotton monogrammed covering, her handles were wrenched granny-like in the crook of my arm.
We men – pretend to listen a lot.
1 dreamless
8. Best & Marsh (7" Edit)
Emma Darwin: A Victorian Life by James D. Loy and Kent M. Loy Biography of Mrs. Charles Darwin that ultimately fails to make the reader feel they know Emma. A great deal of time was clearly spent in reading archived family letters, tracking the many and evolving family relations (yes, I had to slip that word in here somewhere), and the authors do a good job of recreating the social, financial, and political world the Darwins and their family and friends inhabited. But Emma did not leave a diary, and did not confide her inner thoughts in her letters, so the reader ends the biography with no greater insight than that Emma was a wealthy woman who loved her children and her husband, liked music and spent her widowhood reading. The closest to a meaty issue covered in the book is that Emma and Charles held very different views on religion at the start of their marriage, but by the end, Emma had somehow changed her beliefs to mirror her husband's a bit more. But that change isn't well charted. Nor is how she contributed, by editing, to her husband's scientific writing. I'd have loved to see facsimilies of his writings, with her editorial comments or marks, to see how she contributed to his famous books. Her impressions of great scientists who were friends of her husbands, people like Charles Lyall, the father of geology; Huxley; and others are amusing, but superficial. Way too much of the book is spent discussing daily gastrointestinal information that Emma recorded for her children and Charles. A section discussing how Emma was very concerned with her family's health, with some examples, would have sufficed. Page after page and year after year, and chapter after chapter, of reading "C poorly" was a great waste of paper. The photos were nice, and the brief summary of the childrens' lives after their parents deaths was good, but the authors left out some of the other important people, like the Darwin's grandson who lived with them for many years, and just disappears from the story after he attains his adulthood. And how many descendants do Charles and Emma have? The authors thank one for his help, but it might have been nice to say "At the time of printing, Charles and Emma were survived by XX descendants." Some interesting insights onto Charles Darwin are provided, and anyone researching his life would find this an interesting addition to flesh out his character (especially his thoughts on marriage). What I remember several weeks later is that the Darwins were very affluent, which I hadn't known. Otherwise, Emma remains just another Victorian wife and mother, and I don't feel I know anything about her at all.
It's going to be fun, it's free to come, and there will be good memories made.
in LA
I had only just sketched this little one's face when she said her name was Penelope Poppet... she told me I was dilly dallying... which I was... procrastinating... and to get a move on... this little one has attitude... hmmmm... pink hair... I wonder if she is related to Francie...lol
His questions gently reminded him of the question was what did he like about the job. Finally, after again listing some dislikes and being confronted again, “Well,” said I in the smallest voice I voice I possess, “I guess what I’d like most is getting my picture in the paper with the word president underneath it.”
Sweet totally hand-stitched by me using old green flannel,
Out of 119 legislative seats up for election this year, only 36 will be on primary election ballots – 28 House seats and eight Senate seats. In all, 40 state representatives and five senators are running unopposed.
City did well to frustrate Rooney but in truth United didn’t help themselves in this regard. Kompany marked him tightly and followed him into false 9 territory. Rooney forced to drop deeper and deeper to escape him and the central pairing of Gareth Barry and Toure and City effectively shepherded him away from dangerous positions.
We left the bar and I followed closely behind him. We made many turns and took a detour before finally reaching the building. It was a fine building. The lobby was like an art gallery. Many art pieces were hung on the walls and one that intrigued me was a piece by Arthur J. Rodriguez. It was very different from the other pieces; holding no distinct form or anything recognizable in it. Different shades of dark blue were used and the only light colour found was the shades of grey that spread across the top. The brush stokes were stout, strong and firm. That piece brought about an unpleasant feeling, like death it self – dark and gloomy.
“This is one briefing I think I want to hear,” said Adamson to La Paglia and Marier as they sat down either side of him.
As far as I’m aware, no-one is suggesting that all hospitals in Wales should have a team of qualified brain surgeons on hand. The annual number of cases simply does not require that level of provision. Generalising from that, it is clear that there is, therefore, a willingness to accept that certain specialised types of care are best provided in a smaller number of hospitals which have the
There’s a lot to say about the film, and I have probably exceeded your patience. So, watch it.
Happy to have that particular stairs torture in the books, and behind me, I drove home with the windows wide and wonderfully open – the music blasting. The warm wind felt so good, wrapping around me in Van Gogh swirls, playfully buffeting my hair across my face and neck.
Shire Eplaheimr: -
Never in a million years did I think I would take a bathroom mirror picture! The things I do for 12athon!
So in 1993, Gonzalez's offensive WAR was 6.9. He compiled 31 Win Shares.
In addition to Chinese, courses are available in French, German, Japanese, and Spanish. This being MIT, courses range from those for the absolute beginner to those suitable for even the most advanced students. There are courses related not only to these languages, but also to the cultures that surround them. They are highly recommended if you are learning in preparation for a trip.
Preheat oven 160°C
How do thy stories, alive underneath my fingers
I took them home and started the process of breaking them in to get them ready for Boston. I went on some short runs and eventually used them for my Sunday long runs. My feet sounded like they were plopping on the ground, like I had huge clown shoes on. My feet didn’t feel great, but I figured it was just because they were new.
as Karen said - thankfully she was so brave to get back in a car after all this - to allow me to drive her to the hospital!!! - my Cait is just a wonder - the politest child, sweetest thing ever! - i'm talking through the entire ordeal "yes please"; "no thank you"; "can i please just not talk right now" - all this from a child who just went through pure hell! - she's an angel sent straight from God !!
I’m also nervous about starting with new carers such as a psychologist, psychiatrist, social worker, care workers that come to visit the apartment on a daily basis and so on. Hoping that the ‘match’ will be good between myself and the psychologist. That’s the main thing that concerns me. I should try not to worry and just go with the flow. I hate worrying about things that are in the future that I should just go with the flow with and not cause myself anxiety over. I’ve certainly got some CBT to be doing that could help me!
42 Fun, Fun, Fun
I made mine just using magazine pages. I found some cute floral backgrounds on the fashion pages and just mixed them up. I used plain glue to stick them to the frame, but I'd recommend a layer of Mod Podge over the top as well, if you ever attempt a collage frame. Then I stuck this feather on the corner with some hot glue. I'm really happy with it.
We've forgotten the men and women who burned to death or suffocated in the Pentagon. We've forgotten our promises, our vows, our commitments.
B) 4 1/2 hr. combi leaves from Cuzco at 8:30 AM to Santa Maria = S 30 pp
Our two guides had preceded us into the room and had bowed deeply to the giant waxwork, like two people going into a Roman Catholic church and bowing to a crucifix of Jesus.
(I'm really not sure...I know it's bread but....)
8 pm: The musical stylings of Mr. Wiggles and DJ
Munchlax is Snorlax’s baby form Pokemon. Like Snorlax, it likes to eat, a lot. Despite being a Gen IV Pokemon, it appeared in Pokemon XD Gale of Darkness, Mystery Dungeon (Red and Blue rescue team) and Pokémon Dash, which are Gen III games.
I can't bend down too low for too long. Squatting is out of the question. I get hubby and Jake the Snake to haul one box downstairs to work on as "down time"...after all we now have a zillion television channels to choose from and dvr (I can't use it until I read that part of the big fat instruction booklet-MY RULE!)
RR–I’ve been researching this stuff for about 25 years, but it’s always been weekend trips. Occasionally I’ve been able to live down there for a while and been able to do a little bit more, but the next step is to try to get some support, some funding support. I have one lead that’s promising. If we can do it, we’d love to set up a foundation to research these phenomena in not just the Big Thicket but areas where this whole range of phenomena occur, the window areas.
But in high school a friend in the drama club told me where to get those sneakers and suddenly Chucks were everywhere! And in all colors! And I have been in shoe heaven ever since.
Once we established her diagnosis, I let the doctor know what I thought of her nurse , and then we continued with getting blood, pulse-ox, and they were planning to put in an IV. Two nurses came in; one was the same one that brought us back and then there was another who actually did the IV. They put the needle in but didn't have it attached to a tube, a her blood poured out all over the bed the nurse tried to screw the tube onto the end of the needle. She took some blood and as she went to put the tube of blood on the table she pulled the tube and the IV flew out of her hand onto the floor and blood squirted all over my face, the floor the bed! I was FURIOUS!! A few minutes later they came back in to retry, and I refused the IV! I told them if she needed it we would just go to the ER. The doctor came back in and said her blood work was slightly elevated, but that was expected for someone with her condition. They gave her a antibiotic shot and sent us home.
Yes and no. If it was just about God being the creator, self-organization (putting necessity into evolution) would be an widely accepted long ago as an alternative that would be discussed and reported by secular media outlets and secular science journals. But according to militants, the public is not smart enough for them and fear it might sway public opinion even further away from evolution.
Gadahn, 33, has been in Afghanistan and Pakistan for more than a decade, officials believe, acting as a propagandist for the terrorist group. He was the first American since World War II to be charged with treason when a California court indicted him in 2005.
I hope that this exposure of this intimidating duo can prompt us to do one thing. To enable us to take firm control of our situations and enable us to strike a balance of being vigilant, sensitive and proactive without being obsessive.
2T apple cider vinegar
Christianity should be about a relationship not religion. I have so much more I could say on this subject. This is something that God is constantly showing me more about. The state of many churches today scares me. It makes me ask “What is the point?” Why are you going to church? Are you letting it change your life? Or is church just something you do on Sunday’s? Is God an active, living part of your life? Are you bearing fruit?
of Tarot cards.
“If only I had more help.”
When doing research on the matter in the beginning of March this year, Burns was also notified that ground up dolphin meat was used in animal feeds. There have also been speculations whether dolphin meat is used to make fertilizers. “It would be deeply concerning that they might be taking one of the highest mercury-laced animals in the sea and putting that meat into the soil to grow vegetables”, he says.
An example of this is another project that I am happy to unveil here today, one called Conversations, that I created in collaboration with print artist Paul Ballard. Or perhaps it would be fairer to say that he created it in collaboration with me, since he did the bulk of the work. That is to say that while I was the writer, he was the visual artist and printer, and printing by hand, especially carefully produced limited edition prints on fine paper, is a very time consuming process indeed. Still, it was a successful collaboration, and now that Paul has completed some of the edition and copies have been deposited at various official libraries, I thought I would share it here.
Well, I guess that is enough. I have alot to rant about, mainly, I am sad they felt it necessary to lynch Michael Jackson's doctor. They ruined him...in my opinion, he did not murder MJ, or act recklessly...but I guess they didn't pick me or the jury.....
My smoothie date got Soy Mi Gusta, a mix of soy milk, raspberries (or any berry of your choice), honey, and bananas. I’d say I liked mine better- definitely sweeter. But his was good too.
05 Swing
89. Sehun used to be an ulzzang.
“If you’re walking in, turn on the light,” she barks.
the scent’s
Challenge Issues: Racism, interracial relationships, addiction, teenage promiscuity (sex) and the AIDS epidemic were just some of the social issues that were addressed.
What I'm getting at, is that we have a long way to go. We all want to have a sudden resolution with instant canonical solutions. I suspect, from the comments I've seen around the web, that this is so because a lot people, of various ideological perspectives, want to "spike the football". That way of thinking needs to be removed, because the resolution isn't going to come with a bang, but with a long sigh over time, and that for the divine purpose of instilling a good dose of humility where it is apparently in great need. Pride is making too many people impatient, and inflating the egos of many who ought to know better.
...that special holiday when the pilgrims ate brie en croute.
The differences are illusion and vanity.
Prior to this, I was working on the doomed “Annoying person from Saved by the Bell for President” campaign. I assumed the Chief of Staff role in good faith, thinking that Republicans might just vote for a guy that looked and spoke like Horshack from Welcome Back Kotter. My feelings were confirmed when I viewed YouTube footage of the aforementioned “Screech” taking on the also aforementioned “Horshack” in a boxing match (real, actual footage that can be actually viewed on YouTube). Horshack’s defensive strategy needs to be overhauled, though he has got a great ‘really mad guy’ stare. Needless to say, we pulled out of the race after the Florida primary.Not enough boxing based debates, I thought.
WHERE? The Triangle park, 46th and Lamar
I will most likely be taking a break from blogging
As a verb, ‘Look’ means:
He has agreed to go to the Dr on Monday. She wants him to go for a "second opinion" in the hopes that he can at least accept some help with pain management. I hope to God and all that's holy he will comply. None of us are doctors and without some kind of professional assessment we don't know what to do other than be kind. Night before last was a bad night and he did reveal he has lots of pain all the time. He had denied it up until then. The key to selling this idea was that he had only seen one doctor, not gotten any treatment and since doctor's are human perhaps a mistake was made. Seems he's gotten quite heavy with a belly and his face is puffy. He can't hold anything down and falls down regularly. I hope it isn't cancer and that somehow he has imagined that's what he has. I don't expect that's true but I sure would love to see him proven wrong in this case.
they quite close, been in love with each other in a closet…only some of their friend knew bout it..everything is same till brother of one the girl back home..its not really brother…i guess..someone close to her family..relative…n he fall in love with her relative friend..then, actually, there are some event o situation that lead to a married for one of them..this, u should watch it by ur own..
I've got a few more things I'd like to write about, but, for right now, check out the video and tell me your thoughts.
Oh no, please no, don’t let the curtain fall
Service: Social Justice Issues & Creation Care
"You are, after all, paid with taxpayer' money."
Tears of love
Images show young troops who appear to be prisoners in handcuffs, wearing camouflage fatigues with no insignia; the broadcast also shows images of weapons (assault rifles, hand grenades, a recoilless rifle) that may have been captured. Lt. Ouedraogo finishes the statement, attributing it to Captain Amadou Haya Sanogo, who has not been seen on television since the unrest began yesterday.
Even the winter won't last forever...
Baby Girl, I love you but could you please make some room for my lunch?! My mind thinks I’m starving but my belly thinks otherwise.
I think a combo of the pizza, soap water, and running around may have done him in.
The final chapter is entitled ‘….And the best of luck!’ and concludes with the words: ”Success, for any sane adult, is exactly equivalent to doing his (sic) best. What that best may be, what its furthest reaches may include, we can discover only by freeing ourselves completely from the Will to Fail”.
"The fighting", even though by its nature is disliked by the human soul because of the liability, of being killed, orbeing taken as a captive, or being injured, with the wasting ofthe wealth, the damaging of the industries, the destruction ofthe country, the spreading of fear and awe in the souls and the (possibility) of being exiled from one's homeland, Allah had made ready an immensely good reward that cannot be imagined by a human soul.
This is one rumor I sure hope is true. It will weed out the folks who have a hard time teaching, it will open the door to better instruction, and it will hopefully not bore folks so badly. I am going to post a synopsis of the new law on this blog as soon as I figure out how to import data from Word.THat means it may never happen, but, I am going to give it a try.
Dr Susan Limber says "Children and youth who are bullied are more likely than other children to be depressed, lonely, anxious; have low self-esteem; feel unwell; and think about suicide"
Capital Autumnal Fire; Middleton, Wisconsin, Doppelbock, 8.5%
THE HONORABLE FULGENCIO S. FACTORAN, JR., in his capacity as the Secretary of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources, and THE HONORABLE ERIBERTO U. ROSARIO, Presiding Judge of the RTC, Makati, Branch 66, respondents.
And everyone said,"You're much too small,"
9.AUTOCLAVE "I'll Take You Down"
After that night we started talking on the phone every couple of days. It was kinda crazy how strong our feelings for each other were. Around this time we had only known each other for about two months and we were deeply in love. Since things between us were moving soo fast, we thought it would be best if we met in person. You know, to make sure we weren't romanticizing our relationship. - I should mention that by this point Mr. CC and his ex had filed for legal separation. And I had told my husband I wanted a divorce and was moving out. - So in mid-March Mr. CC flew down to Vegas for five days. It was like we'd always been together, we just clicked. Although I will admit that being around him the first hour was very weird. When you've only talked to someone on the phone and seen a couple pictures of them, it's a very strange feeling to actually be sitting next to them. There was a point when I told him not to just talk and not look at me! hahaha The five days flew by and before we knew it he was on a plane back to Calgary.
I swear I might hijack a plane!
In such a case, the patent court has a simple job and maintains the patent to the extend to which its validity is undisputed and nullifies the rest - which is not defended anymore. It does so even without substantive examination. So far, this is a fairly boring case.
salt (if not using anchovy paste) and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
there are three tiny comedians
Pell: Pell was founded by the Gaita brothers in New York in 1941. They Suspended operations during WWII. Their jewelry is well constructed with quality material, and they’re still in business. Usually figural pins are found on the market.
I put a screw through a piece of plywood to hold up the knobs of this sort, and then sprayed around them. I sprayed a coat of primer and then continued on with two coats of the black Rustoleum Painters' Touch in matte finish.
My colors are not coming across very bright. The card is made from a plum colored cardstock. Patterned papers are all from Basic Grey Sweet Threads line (6x6 pad).
As the days and treatments worn on, she was getting sicker and sicker. Her husband of thirty years stayed by her side constantly as she battled. In the end, he made the ultimate and most loving gift that a man could give to his wife. Peace and rest. No more suffering or treatments.
There’s patents, and trademarks, and lawyers. There’s Judge Judy.
bb notes:
My son and I went to Sam's Club today... something takes you over and you buy in quantities that the U.S. Government would envy! Suddenly, 24 rolls of toilet paper doesn't seem like a lot.. 8 large cans of black olives is a deal! 5lbs. of Italian sausage is a bargain..etc. $177 bucks later(before filling gas tank!) you ask your self- what was I thinking!!!! They must have subliminal messages playing over the piped in music! The guy in front of me was buying two old Jimmy Buffet CDs for 8.88 a crack! What possessed him? His 50ish wife had the blank look of a brain-washing...The Hispanics skip the cart and go for the flat bed cargo haulers..I guess they are buying for the neighborhood.. I did get a clip on pair of sun glasses, which the girl in the eye care department said they don't carry..cheerful, yet stupid...
The false dichotomy: In this case, there are two. First, there is a false distinction between theological issues and the questions people are asking. Second, there is a false divide between concern for theology and passion for ministry. I agree that there can be a kind of theological nitpicking which can be counterproductive, but how can the questions Noble asks in the end of the paragraph be answered apart from solid, biblically faithful theology? Further, “real ministry” is intimately linked to solid theological reflection, contrary to the impression Noble gives in this paragraph. In fact, I would say the best, most passionate and most eternally effective works of God we have seen in church history have come from people whose hearts and minds were deeply theological. Yes, there are also people out there who would rather debate than live out theological implications, but theology is not the enemy. Simply put, are the questions Noble says people are asking going to be answered by us apart from theology? And are the questions they are asking even the most important questions?
However, as much as I love avocados, in this instance I felt like that was a little much. (Though you might disagree). The aioli was good too, but I thought the only thing better would be some lemon & garlic-spiked goat cheese!
~Claire
I actually feel it’s a decent dupe from Revlon, and definitely way more affordable as I got it for less than US$5 compared to Deborah Lippmann’s US$18. Yay to more affordable alternatives!
An illustrator and observer, with the eyes and ears of a curious outsider. It’s not quite so simple of course. As Badaude, Joanna sketches herself as the anonymous onlooker, the eyeless axis around whom the action gyrates, but this is more for artistic reasons. In reality, she is just as much an actor as a spectator, as her creation on the wall of the Shakespeare and Company bookshop testifies.
I use the younger population figures for two reasons. The first is to show our immediate demographic future, the second is to draw attention to the fact that the 18-40 year old demographic is of military fighting age. It doesn’t matter if they are outnumbered today by grey haired, ancient Brits; the only thing that matters is that they will very soon outnumber our young indigenous potential defenders.
Ideal as:
Joyce: That's just the circle-arrow thingy.
But I do have 3 layouts that I am very proud of and some very good news :)
My old coworker and friend, Noel and I went to see Lion King on Broadway which brought back many memories for me. I had forgotten that I owned Rhythm of the Pridelands, the soundtrack for the broadway album many years ago so each song was very familiar. I was reminded of performing The Circle of Life shortly after the movie was released. I collaborated an electronic version of the song on my keyboard with African type instruments and performed it at the VA hospital. My sister helped me get the timing right. I remember I struggled for a long time with the collaboration of all the sounds and the timing until she literally took me by the hands and made me dance it out. I was probably 11 years old at the time. I remember she wore a handmade African skirt she received from some friends she met from Africa while serving an LDS mission in Athens, Greece. She wore that skirt to my performance.
11 Getting In Tune
"There are seven girls out here and they all have different coloured hair!" was what the receptionist at Sir in Nashville yelled out to the guy in the back when we came there to pick up the gear we had rented. But it's not just our hair that's different, our interests and taste in music vary greatly. Brúðarbandið includes an historian, a dramaturg, an anthropology student, a journalist, column writers, two mothers, an artist, kindergarten employee, a receptionist at a car inspection company,... Most of us have lived for extended periodes outside of Iceland, but of course in different countries! We like to think that this diversity only makes us stronger and it is an undisputed fact that our music is indeep a curious mix of influences.
Our tour begins here, at the start of TEMPLE AVENUE, the main thoroughfare of Godsend; or, as it is better known, The City of Bones. To the North is the TEMPLE QUARTER, crammed full of temples, churches, shrines, and the homes of the clergy. Any god you care to mention, well-known or obscure, has someplace of worship in that quarter; and below lies the extensive network of catacombs and crypts that attract many a treasure hunter. Not that I'd advise you to have a go yourself; aside from the disapproving clergy, there're things down there that'd rip your face off, before you even realised you where in danger.
Bayard & Holmes
Blair stood virtually alone against them, and lost.
Said Cinders:
It’s one thing to ask for a $25, $50 or $100 donation, but to ask for farmland, crops, IRAs and more!?! This kind of target marketing isn’t just disgusting, it is simply outrageous!
As for a two letter curse, I suggest "ug". I'ts already used as a groan as a
Greatly reduced crashes on older devices!
More than three quarters (77 percent) of Brits prefer to buy CDs, DVDs and games online, says KPMG.
or maybe you’d be happy
The researchers believe that a 1979 earthquake in southern Alaska, dubbed the St. Elias earthquake, which measured 7.2 on the Richter scale, occurred because the local glaciers melted.
Culver City, CA (November 7, 2011) –Higher Ground, directed by and starring Academy Award® nominee Vera Farmiga (2010 Best Actress in a Supporting Role, Up in the Air) will be released on a Blu-ray™/DVD Combo Pack on January 10, 2012 from Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. This Sony Pictures Classics film is based on the memoir This Dark World by Carolyn S. Briggs and was an official 2011 selection of the Sundance Film Festival, the Tribeca Film Festival and the Los Angeles Film Festival. The film also stars Academy Award® nominee John Hawkes (2011 Best Actor in a Supporting Role Winter’s Bone), Joshua Leonard (The Blair Witch Project), Donna Murphy (Tangled) and Bill Irwin (Rachel Getting Married). Higher Ground will be available for an SLP of $45.99 for the Blu-ray/DVD Combo Pack. Special features will include a commentary with Director/actress Vera Farmiga, actor Joshua Leonard and producer Renn Hawkey, deleted scenes, a behind the scenes featurette and a Los Angeles Film Festival Q & A.
You're my adventure and I'm your treasure
I could write about how I have to watch my blood sugar levels now that I'm diabetic. I was never much for candy or pastry, but now I have to use Splenda when I go on coffee dates!
government can regulate medical marijuana
I laughed as I would die;
The fading nation of Entropia is having a lousy time of it lately. No one visits anymore, and is it any wonder. The airports are closed--officially blamed on a 14-year strike by the Toiletpaper Restockers Union. The only way in is through a poorly maintained tunnel with an exorbitant entry fee. But the Tourist Board's Ernie Shodabruski has a plan.
DATE.
Out on the prairie where small rivers flow
Celebrate with your fellow Adventurers at a private feast while enjoying traditional Irish entertainment. This extravagant dinner party caps off a week of extraordinary experiences!
The minister said that the last time something like this happened was three years ago, when a Bill was sent back to the Dewan Rakyat.
Clean up Toys
Who was Qualtrough?
nice to let us come out and interrupt their work
7. Bake cookies on 2nd to upper rack for 11-12 minutes or until lightly golden around the edges. Let cookies sit on the cookie sheet for a couple of minutes to set up. Then move to a cooking rack. Makes approx. around 2 dozen cookies (I got 27, or was it 29?). Check out my dated cookie pan. I need a new one. But hey, it’s well-seasoned!
A moment. Moment after moment. Each tick of the clock is all we have, each second that passes is an opportunity.
along 2009, i went thru hard times..job changed..study...travel. but i very enjoy the good times we had in the classroom with all adult students. 4 penangite and a kl folks became a click...no time to meet, and facebook is the channel to see our updates.
Pin bright, copper-gold in colour, with a slightly wild note to the nose - I don't think it's infected, but it might be the aroma of a load of hops ageing disgracefully. Busy carbonation, quite dry, slightly dirty orange squash and toffee finish. Maybe a hint of beeswax? Aftertaste has a suggestion of Orval about it - again, I think it might be hop-related rather than anything else. This has been knocking around for a couple of years, in pretty good cellar conditions, and what has emerged is deep, slightly sherried, and enjoyably complex.
If you prefer a non-commercialized community, a Little Italy condo may just be the new home for you. Locally owned eateries offer homemade culturally fused dishes straight out of the cook-book of Sicilian relatives. Locally owned ground level retail stores and boutiques provide hand-crafted ceramic art and unique, beautifully designed jewelry. If you want to contribute to the development of your new community, join up with the Little Italy Association members. Personally oversee the continued beautification of Little Italy. Ensure residents, property and business owners are continually satisfied with clean streets, and the design of new buildings before their construction in the community.
And then I’m going to laugh . . .
My husband and I are former lunatic liberals. We promoted multiculturalism, the arts and diversity, and we have been involved in our neighborhood association, “urban renewal,” and the urban homesteading movement in our city. We always thought our interracial relationship was progressive. After marriage we associated with a local group of liberals who dug up their yards to plant food, composted, built rain barrels, breastfed their babies, practiced attachment parenting, planned community gardens, used clotheslines, etc. We did these things too, and in our liberalism, we felt very progressive. We were very popular with our white liberal friends because we were the token interracial couple.
Communication is a constant problem. For starters, we are dispatched to our patients by an archaic paging system-- yes, pagers. That's how backward we are. And once in a while it doesn't work. Since our schedule is chaotic-- sometimes we have a day off when we're scheduled, and sometimes we're called in when we're off-- one would assume that if you're not paged, you're not working. But since the paging system is unreliable (sometimes not only do we not get a page that was sent, but when we call to confirm our assignment, sometimes that fails to go through too).
I'll be covering the conference on behalf of the Japan Beer times.
We knew we wouldn’t be pasturing these hens, so that meant an additional chore of bringing greens to them each day. The hens get our house compost, which consists of coffee grounds, peelings, anything the dogs don’t eat, and egg shells about every other day. Also they get anything from the garden that needs pulling, or culling. About once a week they get a wheelbarrow of stable cleanings. There are enzymes in manure that help the chickens digest their food, plus they find ”yummy” stuff in there too.
does that make any sense?
Buy It: You can purchase their beautiful Hanging Flower Balls for $5.00 and the hand-made Plant Picks for $2.00 on their website. All totally customized to the colors you choose!
I assumed this photo was lost in our house fire. The other items I had of hers met that fate. This weekend I picked up a book and out fell this photo.
The Chicago Bears have not been know to make stellar first round picks. Rather they are known for their sleeper picks that they have come upon recently. With this years draft just around the corner I will take a look at some notable first round picks the Bears have had.
Seal the jars and place in the fridge for a minimum of one week to allow the flavours to fully develop. Give the jars a good shake once or twice a day for the first three days.
and how it’s all so.. fkn.. wrong!
Hate is Love. War is Peace.
Tuesday, October 26th @ 7 p.m.
Now all that leaves is some cake baking on Sunday for the afternoon tea planned at the in-laws.
Normally I am not one to stick up for those I find do not really have it that hard in life. I mean there are some people that just have it a little easier in some areas of life than the rest of everybody. It's just a proven fact. It is really nothing to be ashamed of if you fall in to that category. It can actually be a huge benefit to you and to others around you if you choose to use it in a compassionate and eyes-wide-open manner. If you recognize that you are privileged in an area (or several in your life) you are more able to embrace that and put it to work for you and others around you.
Miscellaneous: Tim Holtz distress ink stamp pad Frayed Burlap; pearls from my stash
ROMNEY: I’d like — I doubt that’s my ad, but we’ll take a look and find out. There are a bunch of ads out there that are being organized by other people.
Magnify the Lord! I’m not going to get into the questions that might be popping into your head. Questions that would like to discredit this scripture by looking at the current state of the world. Sin is the root of all evil. Sin looks out for itself and leaves a path of destruction behind. We can see this destruction everywhere we look. We see a world that is quickly deteriorating because it will not yield to the original plan of a giving God; a God who has the best interest of His children.
Thankfully, this is the biggest kit I need to make (it has 9 beads per kit). The nine other kits I'd like to create shouldn't take nearly as long... I hope. I couldn't be happier with the way these colors came together. I picked Light Steel Gray (because I think steel drums when I think Caribbean), Turquoise (for the blue of the water), Sunburst Coral (for the sun fun, obviously), Periwinkle (because I thought it brought it all together), and Ivory (because white would have looked terrible). Students taking my Bang A Rangs class will each have one of these kits and the others will be available at the Bead Bazaar in the evenings. Naturally, if there are any left, I'll let y'all have at 'em in my shop.
I feel nothing
i shouldn't be grateful for this weather. i should be sad and scared of our changing climate. i should be mid-tirade on our crazily indulgent and dirty lifestyles that are changing the world like this. i should be telling you stories of trees and plants that are being tricked into budding with the mild temps. how they will inevitably be set back by another frost. how this effects certain farming practices like falling dominoes.
Luke 2:17
Google clones Dropbox: lock, stock, and privacy gaffe – Google Drive looks like just another ho-hum Dropbox clone. Same feature set, same market positioning. But was it really necessary for Google to copy the outrageously unfair terms of service.
Ink - Memento Black, Prismacolor Pencils, Gamsol
Anyway. Just think about this-- what if one of your characters had been inside the lighthouse when the winter storm whipped the water so violently over it, and then the temperatures suddenly dropped, quick-freezing everything... your character would be trapped in there.
We took a shuttle to the South Kaibab trailhead. There were surprisingly many people in the park and on the bus. All seem to be battling cold (with some very interesting effects). There weren’t many backpackers, but that was expected.
A: You should be able to enjoy your Lash Extensions without too much adjustment to your normal lifestyle. As long as you follow after care instructions and are not excessively exposed to heat or moisture, they will last through the natural lash life cycle and fall off with the natural lash, not before. You can swim, shower and spa as usual as long as these activities are not engaged in excessively.
you pressing with questions
It is always the same scenerio.....
The best part of the trip was being able to go to hang out with soccer fans from around the world. It was a soccer geek paradise.
He lowered the window, and looked out at the rising sun. There was a ridge of ploughed land, with a plough upon it where it had been left last night when the horses were unyoked; beyond, a quiet coppice-wood, in which many leaves of burning red and golden yellow still remained upon the trees. Though the earth was cold and wet, the sky was clear, and the sun rose bright, placid, and beautiful.
Their "famous" camembert was fine. The 40 minute wait for the bill afterwards, however, was not, as apparently the entire staff of the restaurant, except the manager had vacated the premises and forgotten us upstairs.
87:16
Is this new to most of us? The exact statistics were to me but not the concepts. Are you doing your part to stem the destruction of the only home we have? I ask myself: should I give up eating bananas and pineapple? Give up my cell phone? Quit driving as much as I do?
‘At no point did anyone at the hospital say what my GP did tell me: that there was still plenty of time for the baby to turn by itself and that there was no need to worry. Nobody apart from my antenatal teacher told me that there might be something I could do to help the baby turn.
1) Issue a public statement condemning Israel's attack on Palestinian educational institutions, including the bombing of the Islamic University of Gaza, and encourage your colleagues in the other Universities to issue a similar call.
Lastly, Cole makes an argument from absence about Egypt's position on Iran:
As you would expect from a capital, Verbania has lots to offer. The old town is crammed with good shopping, and the lakeside area in particular is a good place to be if you're feeling peckish. Year round, there is a full diary of concerts, film, theatre and dance, plus activities for children and local festivals. Carnevale is particularly colourful. One of the most famous of Verbania's sights is Villa Taranto with its beautiful botanical gardens. A visit to the Museo del Paesaggio, Verbania's museum of archaeology, painting and sculpture, is also well worthwhile.
In Italy, the number #13 is looked upon as a lucky number but I do from time to time have a little fun with it , like now; I thought it had a perfect place on my tree.
And that attention is the key. When you enter the room, your rank as boyfriend immediately challenges the crazy fuck up’s hold on full attention. And therefore, you are a threat. Oh she’ll buddy up to you, but she just comes off as icky. And worse, you feel kind of negatively towards your new girlfriend because you can’t believe she’s so inspired and so close with such a crazy fuck up. It feels almost like your girlfriend was describing Oprah to you and instead you met a down and out, heroin addicted Courtney Love. You just look at your date and think, “What the fuck is the matter with you?”
Funny what a week away from the blog does to my head; it's just full of weird crap. I would stick around and share indefinitely but I've got to go. I've got to go get my American boy at French school and it's Day Two. Things probably didn't go well. I will soothe his battered soul with nutella.
Do you know of any other places that have great dresses for formal occassions?
4) Movies.
Other: Square Lattice EF, Whisper White Taffeta Ribbon, thin wood craft frame (non SU)
That didn’t really leave any extra cash to buy a dining room table. We looked on Craigslist for something cheap but ultimately decided not to bother. (1) The townhouse’s dining room was tiny. Only a really small table for two was going to fit there. (2) We were trying to buy a house. Who knew if the table we got would even remotely match the house we’d end up buying. (3) I was not excited to move ANYTHING else. Whether that meant into the townhouse, out of the townhouse, or into a new house. Moving stuff sucks.
In general we have not been endorsing any products or services, but this time we were actually looking for something to soothe Ms K and Oliver, when Oliver comes for a visit, since both were very stressed the last time he came for a visit. Therefore, when we received the request from PetNaturals®, it was very timely, so we decided to give it a try and over the next several weeks we will let you know how things are going. In the meantime, please do have a look at PetNaturals® website and see their many products, which available for both cats and dogs. You can also reach them toll free at: 1.888.340.1995 or check their store finder by typing in your zip code.
It doesn’t make much sense, but a skimpy down payment on a home might actually get you a better mortgage rate in today’s market.
In one vile rant three years ago he says: “There are political forces in Oslo who want mass subsidised and low cost ‘Islam-blocks’ in Oslo West for ‘better integration’. If this ever becomes the case, most of Oslo will move.”
I do think that whatever route helps you get the best out of yourself is a good thing. What works for someone might not be right for someone else.
Dear 2012,
I also have some neat news to share, my dear friend Sherri has nominated me for the Liebster award!
Year Of Release: 1977
Two, I had finished The Other Half of My Heart (Delacorte, 2010) and needed a new project, but now I also had a two-and-a-half year old and a newborn. The thought of coming up with a whole new cast of characters, frankly, sounded exhausting. So, it was also a decision of convenience in a way.
I'm keeping true to my word and am back with reviews!
After a very busy Saturday I wanted to keep it nice and simple - both in activity and attire.
Appropriate assistive technology applications are intended to decrease the functional limitations of a person with a disability, potential outcomes can include some of the following categories:Adaptive Play: This includes the use of commercially available battery operated toys/activities to allow young children and adults to experience control over their environment despite severe physical restrictions, motor control deficits and developmental disabilities.Switches: Single and potentially multiple switch access methods can allow the person with even the most severe disability to achieve control over many different aspects of their environment, including play, communication, education, environmental control, mobility, and perhaps employment.Environmental Controls: Devices and technologies (Electronic Aids) designed specifically to allow a person to experience better control of their environment can increase one's independence and ability to perform routine tasks.Augmentative and Alternative Communication (AAC): AAC includes any technology application that results in the improvement of a person's communication with individual, in-groups and even by way of telephone. AAC involves maximizing of specific language concepts and strategies to enable the non-verbal person to more actively interact with their environment.Sensory Disabilities: Many forms of assistive technology can enhance our sensory interactions by modifying the means by which information is received to accommodate our sensory limitation, or by re-routing the information to a form where other senses can be involved.Alternative Learning Strategies: Somewhat similar to sensory disabilities, alternative learning strategies can be developed for individuals with specific learning deficits. By capitalizing on the strengths of the individual, computer based adaptive learning hardware and software can enhance the overall learning experience.Adaptive Computer Access: Computers can be adapted through a variety of methods to enable alternative input control or output required by the person with a disability. These adaptations may be in the form of additional hardware, software, or a combination of the two. Most computer operating systems today allow for customization of the computer control process to accommodate nearly any special needs of the individual with a disability.
My oldest children, ages 8 and 6, who were actively using the program, would often race to the computer to see who would get there first. The youngest, didn't really care for being timed. He felt he was being too rushed and wouldn't carefully take his time. He loved when he would get an answer correct too but was very disappointed that when he got an answer wrong, he wasn't allowed to go back and correct it. Many times it was a slight error in judgement and he knew as soon as he hit 'enter' that he typed in the wrong answer.
But it’s not all that simple. Icann aren’t just giving these things away. Prospective bidders will have to prove that they are worth the domain – they need to have well-established IT capabilities, a legal system that deals with intellectual property correctly, and sufficient manpower to track down and remove abusive pages (although what abusive means in this context isn’t clear to me).
Music: Rodolfo Biagi
SUNDAY, oCTOBER 19 @ 9AM ET/PT
Red Pepper Flakes
The Pen award is given to writers who have been persecuted or imprisoned for exercising the right to freedom of expression.
“We need someone to scrub the floor of the men’s room each day using only their tongue,” they can offer. “And we think you’re just the man for the job.”
All of this talk about the Mega Lottery spawned a brief conversation between Lori (A Rambling Poet) and me. Tell us about wealth. What does it look like? Where should it go? What would you do with a half billion dollars, or any unexpected windfall for that matter?
I didn't reply, and that was the last I heard from Mr. Wentworth. Or...was it?
OK, corny segue, but...people should feel weird to pass your book by! It's a gripping read with a touching friendship between Hastin and Nandita the elephant, who are both trapped by their circumstances. You'll root for Hastin from page one and you will be astounded (yet not really surprised) by his courage during the final can't-put-the-book-down scenes.
Maxwell AFB (Montgomery) – Civilian prison camp established under Operation Garden Plot, currently operating with support staff and small inmate population.
By this point we KNOW we won't make our original fuel stops so we've rerouted from Luxor to Crete to Luxembourg to Keflavik to Goose Bay, then back on plan.
I also have been to Vashon Island for a garden tour (yes, Bainbridge and Vashon have lovely well-kept houses and gardens), but I never went to the house where Betty MacDonald had lived.
6. Blood of Eden 6:36
The time has come that I've been dreading—looking for a new car! After 12 years and nearly 220,000 miles, my 2000 Toyota Camry is ready for retirement. Apparently, I'm not the only one keeping my car longer than usual. A recent NBC nightly news edition revealed that with the poor economy, people are keeping their cars longer than ever and that the average age of vehicles on U.S. roads has increased to 10.8 years. I'll be sad to see my trusty Camry go as it's been so reliable. After all, how many cars can you get more than 200,000 miles out of these days? Mine is still running well at 218,676 miles but with the high miles, we don't feel we can take it on long road trips anymore.
Proving that without cod-reggae written by a middle-aged couple from Exeter they might have been easily lost, the Brothers are still running with the matching outfit theme, this time powder blue ruffled shirts under navy blue bolero jackets and matching trousers with bell bottoms one could hide children under. Innovation? Well, the drummer gets to sing a post-chorus section in a strangulated whine and both guitars seem to be playing rhythm, if that all counts. Lots of Union Jack plastic hats in the audience tonight. Perhaps a shipment was expected for Lynsey and Mike the week before last but got delayed.
Please note leaving a comment on my blog will not qualify you for this prize. This is the prize offered to the JustRite Challenge winner. Please see the JustRite Blog for challenge details.
Arby Little Soldier pragmatically told local media: “He was the hope of all nations. You have taken the inner spirituality. You tried to stop what we’re bringing back to ya’ll, but you just opened the doors to release the message to all people.”
SO ANYWAY, I open up my first match....says the dude is from Leesburg, VA (which is not that far!! So I'm all...hey! I could potentially think about one day traveling to leesburg...One problem though: the guy's picture is a LITTLE bit scary. He kinda has this creepy smile and he's all leaning to one side. BUT, (because I'm such a good person) I tell myself not to just judge by the photo....and I scroll down....
Time parts the hearts of men -’
My goals:
The small sculpture which I use on my company branding sits in my garden and was bought one day when I was working in London. I popped out for a sandwich, wandered into a local gallery, and fell in love with it. It wasn’t massively expensive (though more than I’d expected to spend that particular lunchtime!) but as far as I’m concerned it was worth every penny. I enjoy it 365 days of the year.
The defendant had also challenged the designs on grounds that they were commonplace in the design field in question—thereby contravening section 213(4). The judge first addressed the design field: was it limited to boxes for wraps?
These unspoken attitudes and thoughts may go unnoticed by everyone else, but these things offend the heart of God. When we start thinking WE can achieve something or we have something special to give, when we desire the life of someone more glamorous, and when we look at ourselves a little too much, or allow our eyes to linger too long on the opposite sex, we are treading on dangerous ground instead of holy ground. Remember, servants are dispensable… They come and go. God can use anyone for the events He so graciously CHOOSES and gives us the privilege to be a part of in this life. To use us, God needs brokenness and Humility; He needs us undone.
chipboard albums and accents, acrylic albums, and multi-layered laser
With a creak and a shout, the carter moved away and she urged her own horse forwards. Over her shoulder, she glanced back at Alice, who rode behind one of the guards from Shorecross, her mouth hanging open as she stared at the tall houses either side of them.
Oh, fakeout- this isn't the actual post, kids. You'll get that later today after work.
“Well the Dr. said it was supposed to be tomorrow.”
ABV: 6%
Ushuaia, Argentina
“She didn't see him at first. She was watching the dancers. Her color was high, and there were deep dimples at the corners of her mouth. She looked nine miles out of place, but he had never loved her more. This was Willa on the edge of a smile.” (from Willa)
“I hear politicians talking about values in an election year,” Obama said. “I hear a lot about that. Let me tell you about values. Hard work, personal responsibility–those are values. But looking out for one another. That’s a value. The idea that we’re all in this together. I am my brother’s keeper. I am my sister’s keeper. That’s a value.” He wants to be his sister’s keeper, eh? Well I think we owe it to him to give him the full Ruprecht treatment.
Watson was helping me fold one of the doggie blankets straight from the dryer. Notice how helpful he is by sitting on the nice warm blanket.
We celebrated the knowledge of what he was struggling with, we celebrated progress however small, we enjoyed him, and let him guide us that day. Unfortunately, the weather sucked, so our original plan for the zoo (and for letting him lead us around on foot at his own pace) was not an option. We decided to hit the aquarium. Interestingly, this is what we did for his birthday weekend last year, but I'm happy to say that this year he had so much more fun.
We think the original of this bathing suit was in red but with the Technicolor issues it was orange in the film. (That is why women couldn’t wear red lipstick in Technicolor films- it would show up on film as orange or brown).
“Just one, please. I think that’s all I should have.” I smoothed the robe down over my hips self-consciously.
The funny thing is that that city is an ancient one, its modern buildings standing on the ruins of a 3000-year-old civilization, and has nothing whatsoever to do with the fairly young Buenos Aires.
Yesterday, in class, we had a discussion about the concept of “Making a living from being an Author.”
May 2 – Aug. 27, 2011
For the first time in Germany, I felt something like hope.
Thanks to WordPress’ excellent method of tracking your blog’s stats, I noticed that many of the people who read that blogged clicked the link of the picture to film Melancholia, that I rented through Amazon although it was still in theaters.
And you should certainly expect more from the United States Navy, that's for sure.
Think carefully about what’s on your phone before bringing it to a protest. Your phone contains a wealth of private data, which can include your list of contacts, the people you have recently called, your text messages, photos and video, GPS location data, your web browsing history and passwords, and the contents of your social media accounts. We believe that the police are required to get a warrant to obtain this information, but the government sometimes asserts a right to search a phone incident to arrest — without a warrant. (And in some states, including California, courts have said this is OK.) To protect your rights, you may want to harden your existing phone against searches. You should also consider bringing a throwaway or alternate phone to the protest that does not contain sensitive data and which you would not mind losing or parting with for a while. If you have a lot of sensitive or personal information on your phone, the latter might be a better option.
Fixing Partner Salaries
Which means, since I can't go out tomorrow and replace my uber ugly green laminate counters, I MUST find away to make them tolerable. My new obsession with teal just might do the trick. Here's hoping!
Celebrate it Ribbon
And now, on to some other news-sadly, this is my last creation with LaLaland Crafts as I am taking some more university courses for my Post-Bac degree, am teaching full-time and juggling being a single parent as well and I can't commit my time fully anywhere else. Many of you crafters are living similar situations as I am, but I just feel that I'm not working to my fullest potential and when I feel let down with my creations, I feel I'm letting my team down as well.
Stunts: (7/10) – Some of the physical action in Wrath is actually surprisingly brutal and fun to watch. Even if Ares feels like he lacks a real sense of divinity for example, at least scenes where he and Perseus hash it out feel nicely executed and fun to watch. There’s some cool physical work involving fighting the chimera, and traversing Hepahestus’ labyrinth, and something that Wrath really did end up improving is the quality of the stunts. Clash seemed to rely on special effects more often for its action scenes, and at least Wrath manages to pull off some more old-fashioned battles every now and again, which makes them hit harder and feel more believable. That being said though, I found that some of the action scenes can be a bit choppy and difficult to follow, taking away from some of the otherwise impressive stunts. Even if there’s some patchy spots in some of the action scenes though, all in all, Wrath’s stuntwork is an improvement over the original film, and that counts for something in a sequel.
My twopence worth....
i am loving my free sirius xm subscription (that is set to expire april 3rd - boo)! i keep finding all these great new/old songs that i just can't get enough of.
George and Sophia meet again and they fell in love.
predictable
15And if it seems evil to you to be the servants of the Lord, make the decision this day whose servants you will be: of the gods whose servants your fathers were across the River, or of the gods of the Amorites in whose land you are living: but I and my house will be the servants of the Lord.
Context on the show: Homer finagles his way onto the jury of Springfield’s first ever film festival. The two chief contenders for the top prize, at least according to Homer? An Orson Welles-esque black and white masterpiece by town drunk Barney and a ten second clip of an old man getting hit in the groin by a football.
Minutes later the cycle was finished, and Hannah quickly loaded the basket with the heavy wet laundry and made her way up the steps and out to the clothesline.
Perhaps you’re wondering why I’m all nostalgic tonight. It’s not my love of all things 80s that is taking me back. It’s the memory of how Andie and Duckie Dale fought so damn hard for everyone to be o.k. with their other-ness. And the realization that was hammered home over and over today: we’re pretty much all Andies and Duckies, quirky as hell in our own little ways, struggling mightily with our “other-ness” and realizing it’s dirt-under-the-nails work just to rest in the way God made us. I spent my morning walking and talking with some dear friends. These women are in their 40s and they are GOOD people. Strong. Grounded. Heads on straight. Kind. Loving. Thoughtful. Fun. This morning, we somehow got on the topic of our misspent youth. In and around the uproarious laughter that comes from finding out your friend may have spent a teensy bit of time in the back of a squad car, there was a common thread: other. Struggling with disordered eating and wondering why it’s so easy for everyone else: other. Struggling with years of feeling like the goody two shoes while everyone else has their fun: other. Struggling to fit in somewhere, anywhere, because the party days are over but the Christians sometimes feel like a big ol’ judge-y straightjacket: other. And then later, after school, hearing about an utterly delightful little girl who is on medication and in therapy because, already, before she’s even out of elementary school, she so sharply feels the pain of her other-ness.
It's not what I would call a cozy lovey-dovey photo, but they do look like a married couple, don't they?
born again, you’ve been called into the victory – life, where you reign and
Don't get me wrong, they had Iphones & fancy flat screen tvs in the movie,
That’s as far as I can go."
cursing that red dye number 40. This turned into a landslide of me cursing all sorts of various foods that have artificial dyes, not to mention foods w/ mile long ingredient lists that I can't pronounce. My goodness my mind was in over drive!
¼ cup peanut butter (I used smooth since that was what we had on hand)
With that said, I do think there is a lot of room in homeschooling for following personal interests in a way that cannot be facilitated in a classroom setting in the early years. We have about 3 or so solid hours of core content that we must plow through right now but we've got plenty of other time in the day that allows us to follow her curiosity.
Move to Move
“I didn’t do anything,” he said, looking up and then over to Ann, who fought not to smile. But before they could continue to the stairs, the front door burst open. A man ran in.
For most of the day Saturday I decided to take up archery, and to my surprise I really enjoyed it! Hopefully when I return home I can pick up a new hobby!
For someone who is an amateur, you get lost in the picture and not living the experience at the moment. How do you enjoy what you're doing and still photograph it?
I've poked around about whether applying the inverted barometer adjustment is a good idea. My best guess is it's unnecessary in the long term, but this short data set makes it helpful (see Realclimate). Goddard denies it, but in general I find him unpersuasive.
You refuse to debunk my statements because you have done so many times. Well then it should be easy. Stop being lazy and give it a go because from what you keep saying I don’t think you actually read it so how can you “debunk” my statements.
Imagine if what said was instead:
If you were asking yourself, "What on Earth is a 'ratio rally'?", the previous quote might give you a little insight. But if you're still scratching your head (and I don't blame you), allow me to explain. In a nutshell, beginning this past February, bloggers from all over the web have 'rallied' together each month to create gluten-free recipes based upon culinary ratios set forth by Michael Ruhlman. Each month is hosted by a different blogger, and each month features a different food item challenge, ranging from pancakes to pasta. All caught up?
Jeff Hunt (REP) 16.84% 860
The day in between had been better. No pastry for me today, instead an old adversary raised its head again - gelatin, of the powdered variety. On the face of it three relatively straightforward dishes, a Smoked and Fresh Salmon Rillette, Cardamom and Youghurt Cream, and filled Chocolate shells. The fact that I had to make Lemonade meant that I would have the Stock Syrup that I would need for the filled shells so one technique was already there as a bonus.
The weather wasn’t sunny, but wasn’t rainy either. Good enough for dinner, talk, some close drying, and foot massage. This time around no one wanted to scale that peak next to the campground. For some reason it became very cold that night. Usually, it wasn’t very cold so far this trip. But his particular night it was. Well, I suppose some peculiarities of the Arctic weather.
Before you blanch at my comparison of capitalism to the Nazis, look at this from the perspective of the 200 species driven extinct today, the 200 species driven extinct tomorrow, and the day after, and the day after that, in a holocaust of unimaginable proportions. Look at this from the perspective of the millions of children killed each year as a result of so-called debt repayment from the colonies to the center of empire. Look at this from the perspective of Indigenous humans forced off their lands. “Buying good stuff” does absolutely nothing to address these problems.
Anyone else have some miraculous overwinterings this year?
Both arbors are Fabaceae,
They also clarified the difference between Continuationists and practicing Continuationists. There are some Continuationists that don’t pursue them. I forgot the name they used for them.
to stimulate your creative juices and generate fresh inspiration - Ten Tips to Inspire Creativity. I have a handful of REALLY COOL projects I'm working on that I'll be able to share in the coming weeks. We are taking today to "get our house in order" before the post Holiday, work week of real life turns us into our mere mortal selves at the stroke of midnight tonight! Happy New Year dear Blog friends, I appreciate your faithful reading.
“I want to let you know that Occupy Portland now has an office in our building. Metanoia Peace Community is renting the space on behalf of Occupy Portland until the new group has its own non-profit status. Occupy will be having some larger gatherings in the Dining Hall as it is available in the evenings.”
Rainbow will shine through the rain
a phizog without remark.
Here in the UK Gugelhupf tins are relatively easy to find. I got mine from TK Maxx which usually sells a few different shapes and sizes. If you live in the US a bundt cake tin is fairly similar, although it is not as high as a Gugelhupf and not as elaborate. If you can’t find a suitable tin in any store, go to Amazon! They stock lots of different varieties for little money.
Oh Dear God, I’ve become my mother….
So, if you're keeping score at home, Santorum using the word "Bullshit," it:
Have your child walk up and say, "I want to play." Coach your child to sound and look positive and friendly, not whiny or aggressive.
Soon enough, the warm spotlight was touching me and my words were on display to a full house. I was introduced as my Left Side name (definitely have to do that more often). My nerves were on fire.
A smile is the oil that runs through your soul
ISBN-13: 978-1468121087
My Favorite Wife – 0
Each time I come to Buenos Aires my favourite nights and favourite milongas change as new milongas start and people change the places they go to. But some, of course, remain constant favourites like Canning. Wednesdays and Thursdays are my least favourite evenings at the moment as there is no clear favourite place for me to head to. For example, on Thursday there is one place I like which has a lot of people but the music leaves a lot to be desired and the dance flow is non-existent and scrappy to say the least, last night it made me feel that I should have stayed home and rested for the next day of lessons.
I didn't get to finish the sentence, however, as I was brought up short by something that told me I had left reality and ended up somewhere else entirely.
Yeah…sure. But, what THE HELL just happened? I believe my Mound of Venus has been RIPPED OFF. And maybe my Vagina, too. Is it still there? I look. I think it is. Still there. Gulp. Gulp. Trying not to cry… I smile back at her through clenched teeth. Can she tell I’m faking the smile? Would another woman NOT EXPECTING this much PAIN have BITCH SLAPPED her? But, I can’t do that.... Damn! I'm a nice middle-aged suburban woman. I’m a mother for God’s sake! I stay SILENT. We talk of other things. Anything. Best NOT to focus on the PAIN. Or… to look down. I flip over onto my stomach. Dear God. Let my ass be hairless. It seems the worst is over. Phwwwooooo...We finish. Amazingly my panties still seem to be on. I thought they had been shredded. No blood? No evidence of the carnage? I'm shocked.
This is so for so many plants and for the water that dear Gaia gives you as well for even water has been taken and distorted into the lower dimensional likes of soda and so very many other substances that can be seen as liquid but that are certainly not as healthy as water. What you know as soda is purposefully a lower dimensional substance and is meant to have so very many long term health effects well as the short term health effects that can be noticed.
Host: It’s gonna cost Wall Street 127 billion bucks in cdo insurance too…
Radical Friendships in South Asia
2.) Don't open up your food processor right away - wait about 10 minutes for everything to settle so you don't end up breathing in the detergent dust (just trust me on that one...).
I've visited dozens of post-apocalyptic worlds of every imaginable catastrophe: nuclear war, asteroid collision, viral contagion, alien invasion, ecological disaster, and socio-economic collapse to name but a few. Whenever a new game is announced to be set in another post-apocalyptic world, there is a collective sigh and rolling of eyes among some gamers who then castigate the industry for lacking originality. While their complaints are not without merit, it seems to have little bearing on their purchasing decisions. I think there is something other than laziness behind this preoccupation with the end of the world.
Many people feel stuck or trapped in a routine despite trying different things to come out of it. The truth is, most people fail to break routines because of their unwillingness to place ‘routine work’ in the right place inside their frame of mind. Take stock first whether routine is 20% or 80% of your work.
Let’s just sing it together…We must speak it to become it !!!
Eight of us set out that night. There was Sixpence the Tanner, who had never sung in his life (he just worked his mouth in church); the brothers Horace and Boney, who were always fighting everybody and always getting the worst of it; Clergy Green, the preaching maniac; Wait the bully, and my two brothers. As we went down the lane other boys, from other villages, were already about the hills, bawling ‘Kingwenslush’, and shouting through keyholes ‘Knock on the knocker! Ring at the Bell! Give us a penny for singing so well!’ They weren’t an approved charity as we were, the Choir; but competition was in the air.
Heartbeat is a Love beat -- Delfranco Family
"The Borg Queen prefers her resident band The Strolling Drones to play in the holographic nightclub, rather than one put together by a computer." she says sniffily.
When all sin was laid upon him
Peas, beans, onions can all go in. I put the onions in no more than three-quarters of an inch deep. Don’t forget to hoe the weeds off and pull the soil away as they get a bit bigger.
Not wanting to delay any longer, but finding he had no choice, Ben looked back to Solemn, who sighed, 'Single you nonce. It's a one-way-trip isn't it.'
“Local man gored to death by unexpected bull. ‘I heard a scream like a little girl and when I looked, I saw this man flailing his arms and urinating on himself’ said a bystander.”
First, let me express my deep concern, sympathy and support for anyone with cancer. It is a horrible disease. I spent six years in cancer research and saw many people tormented by this disease – and many families stressed beyond imagination as they shared in the suffering. The good news is that our research has helped us understand ways of protecting against this disease, and many options for treating it. One effective option for some of the side effects of conventional therapy are biological medicines such as black cohosh and evening primrose oil.
*page 14 of linked The Economist/You Gov poll: 10. Support for Arizona’s new immigration law, Strongly approve 40.5% + Somewhat approve 18.3%.
I always dreamed of a house full of kids, not all mine, borrowed ones.
Some were subjected to harsh treatment by other inmates, who pushed their heads into the toilet bowl while assaulting them, while others had to surrender their food as fights broke out in the cells during meal times.
* You illustrated A Hen in the Wardrobe with some lovely images. A bit like the chicken and the egg - which comes first? (See what I did there!) Do you write the story first or do your drawings inspire ideas for your story?
A walk along the beach does wanders or the 2 people you are going with decide to play Draw Something !!!!!!! against each other.
Last week was spring break and we were home. A lot. My everyday routine was drastically changed. I wondered what mine would be to do. I wondered what I should do with my extra time. Last Friday at 3:40, on my way home from school, I realized mine to do this week was to love my kids. First. Before everything else. Just as they are.
Yet the despairing maiden is visited by an odd little fellow. A dwarfish caliban without much to endear him, he nevertheless possesses the skill she lacks and he agrees to spin the straw into gold in exchange for her necklace. By morning, the man has gone, the room is full of gold, and the maiden is overjoyed. But the king is not satisfied: he wants more.
I traveled this summer to Africa & Asia. And I came away with a deeper understanding of me than I ever had before. I learned some things, was surprised by some things, settled some things, became wiser about some things. The next few posts will highlight some of these insights. I hope no one finds it too boring.
Covered with leaves, branches, dirt, and grape vines.
Level 30: Mastery: +70%, Weapon ATT: +30, Minimum Critical Damage: +15%.
THE OBAMIANS is the definitive analysis of the events, ideas, personalities, and conflicts that have defined Obama’s foreign policy.
Six months after her lover died in an arsonist's blaze, firefighter Lora Spade calls in the FBI's elite Serial Services Division to track the elusive killer. When Special Agent Kenton Lake is lured into a violent inferno, Lora pulls him to safety and is stunned - not by the fire, but by her own searing attraction to Kent. For the first time in months, she longs for something other than vengeance.
Immediately to the right of that ziploc bag, on the paper towel? The pile of copper headpins I enameled on April 17. They are all cleaned up, and ready for use. They need to be put in their box (and yes, I have a box ready for them) until I'm ready to use them. But, alas, I am a hopelessly lazy piler. No telling how long they will lie there on my bench, in my way. And I wonder what's under that paper towel? I didn't look.
the sole owner should the payments not be made as promised. Given that now what can the International Bankers acquire as collateral from the governments they lend their money to, obviously they aren’t allowed to share the resources and also the head of the government had one power not shared by the homeowner: the right to “repudiate” the loan. Repudiation is defined as: “The refusal of a national or state government to pay real or alleged pecuniary obligations. So the Banking Establishments had devised a cunning strategy.
One knows that it is not so easy to travel to Bhutan. The entry into the country is controlled by the royal family and strict rules for travelers apply. So here I am sitting in India, talking to a wonderful woman who I just met named Maggie. She is talking about being tired and leaving for a trip next week. Innocently I asked: Where are you going? Bhutan, she says. Little did I know that she is the Bhutan expert and the main traveling teacher from our Buddhist sangha for the subject Bhutan. She knows the country inside out and all the stories around it. This year she is telling me is special because the group was only going to be 12 when usually close to 60. And then she said: Do you want to go? I only hesitated for a second due to cost considerations, but all of me was screaming YEEEES. I circled the meditation hall three times and slipped a note under her door: Please take me with you to Bhutan!!! Thanks to my sister helping me out with the money transfer I am now all set to go. I am really going! I still can't believe it. I hope I am making myself clear how unbelievable this is for me to get a last minute opportunity like this. It does not happen like this or it does. And surely higher powers are at play here. We are leaving for Nepal on Saturday and then with a small plane along the Himalayas and on with jeeps into Bhutan for a 10 day trip. I can't say how wonderful it feels to be free to be able to accept an offer like this, or any offer in that matter. I feel the freedom to take chances and follow my heart like never before. I am still planing to make it down to Kerala in the second part of my trip, but who knows what else is coming my way until then.....
There are many others and I’d love to hear your favorites. These are just the ones that I know I will refer back to time and again.
A: We import all plants fully grown and then just sit around watching them die.
As anyone still reading this blog is probably aware, I'm doing NaNo again this year. Only I've gotten so used to it, I decided to make things a bit more "interesting". The curious can read the details over on the blog I set up just for this wild project: Thirty Days and Nights of Inksanity. Yes, I'm writing in longhand, with fountain pens and inks, and posting about them each day. I'm a few days behind, thanks to the "snowpocalypse" that struck in late October (which I posted about over there, too). But I'm having fun...
Vince and I really hit it off with the wine talk, and he has a true passion for wine. Unfortunately, I really haven't even looked at his wine list yet, but I do know that the Kenwood Cabernet he pours by the glass is not the regular bottling you see at most restaurants. For the price, it's a nice wine, and better than most any "house wine" I've had in a restaurant, though Vince doesn't believe in pouring house wines. I can't blame him really.
It's all very nice and fun and romantic and definitely a pseudo-sciencey to classify yourself as right-brained or left-brained. Left-brainers are the orderly, punctual, compunctual, math fiendish, disciplined types. Right-brainers are the wacky, creative, disorganized, idea-a-minute types (basically, they're what hipsters would like to be). The key to understanding these two halves -- these diametrically opposed forces -- is this little secret I'm going to let you in on, so lean in and listen close...
When new student, Jason, shows up, Sofia's world is turned upside down. She doesn't understand why he wants to befriend her so badly... And, just when she thinks she can trust him, trouble appears.
We’re also reminded that Hibito thinks the world of his brother, since he seems to tell pretty much everyone about him. But when the two of them are together, Hibito is pretty different. I guess that he can’t be soft on his rival (as they see themselves).
Let’s take these in order. Anony-mous? True, Heartland’s board documents reveal seven-figure contributions for their climate work from one “anonymous donor,” but environmental organizations take in many multiples of Heartland’s total budget in anonymous donations washed through the left-wing Tides Foundation. The Environmental Defense Fund thanks 141 anonymous donors in one recent report. “Well-funded”? Heartland’s total budget for all its issues, which include health care, education, and technology policy, is around $4.4 million, an amount that would disappear into a single line item in the budget for the Natural Resources Defense Council ($99 million in revenues in 2010). Last year, the Wall Street Journal reports, the World Wildlife Fund spent $68.5 million just on “public education.”
What happens when there is NOT a new story like this for the media to feast upon? Instead of traveling to another state, or country, they’ll travel back in time. The show 20/20 just did an hour-long look at the Etan Patz kidnapping from 30 years ago. And here’s CNN’s Nancy Grace page , from a few days ago: “Third Grader Stepped Off School Bus, Disappeared.”
Stuckey asserts:
"Come on, forgive me," she inststed.
The class got me thinking back to my freshman year at Biola. I was, for lack of a better term, FOB (or Fresh Off the Boat), although I wasn’t entirely oblivious to American culture, I didn’t have a funky foreign accent or looked like I was straight from a Hello Kitty magazine, walk barefoot or wear clothes decades old. I thought I would be able to blend in with American society, but it was in the subtleties that I was most confused.
I really debated on whether or not to paint these. My dad is one of those people who says you should never paint a real wood surface, but I went for it anyway. :-) Following a friend's fabulous suggestion (I originally planned white), I found a perfect shade of dove grey.
A PayDay Loan Can Help You in Special Circumstances
I’ll never forget that day, and I’ll never forget going back into my journal and being amazed at what I found. Exercise was REALLY making a difference!! My moods had steadily improved since I started working out and I was less all over the place. I’m on what my Dr.’s call a “sub-therapeutic” dose for my medications for my Bipolar and anxiety, which basically means what I’m on shouldn’t work in the first place. I have several theories for this:
This doubled with the fact that I have no current work experience, any references or an actual resume (i would write one up if someone asked me to drop by with one) makes me feel super frusterated and pretty let down. I even tried the tactic of casually chatting with people for awhile about a relevant topic and then slipping in the “oh you wouldnt happen to be looking for anyone would you?”.
07. Bible belt 4:45
Can I start by saying I totally LOVE Things I'm Loving. I've been an avid Things I'm Loving participant all along, so I was sad to hear that Kristy from Paisley Jade was ending her regular weekly linky since it is one of my favourite posts to write each week. For me, it's a fantastic opportunity to share the simple things that I have loved throughout the week.
It threatens Americans’ existing coverage. Despite President Obama’s promise, “if you like your health care plan, you’ll be able to keep your health care plan,” there are many provisions in Obamacare that will cause Americans to lose existing coverage. Some estimates show the loss of employer coverage will be as high as 35 million people.
So - hypothetically speaking, of course - if someone wanted to scare off the beasts, what would work? Suppressed .22 (to avoid scaring the White Folks)? Crossbow (arguably not illegal hereabouts)? Game cam with built-in flash attachment?
The commission had in the Johnson file, his addresses to both homes, home telephone number, his wife's place of employment, his driver license number, make, model, color of the car he drove, tag number to the car. They knew of his two traffic tickets and how the tickets were resolved. The name and location of the churches he pastored were known by the commission. The above photo of Johnson came from his file.
illuminate the main streets
Last night I had occasion to attend a Celebration of Autumn party which was heavily attended by the under-six crowd. In watching and listening to these children, I was struck by their directness; they asked for what they wanted, and were clear about what (and whom) they did and didn’t like. And I thought about the fact that we spend most of our adolescent and adult lives trying to recapture the honesty and candor we naturally had as young children. Most of us, I think, never do get back to that place of being really honest with ourselves and others. Yes, some of that is good boundaries, but a lot of it is fear-based. And I wonder what we’re afraid of … usually the consequence of honesty would be to part us from people and circumstances dragging us down and making us inauthentic.
Lord of all, to Thee we raise
So I dropped a little over 5 lbs last week, after revising my plan a little bit (nothing extreme! Maybe just 5% less cals or something like that). Part of that loss was because I kinda did eat like crap the week before that, so it wasn’t entirely because of the tiny changes.
Cubic Zirconia is also distinguishable from natural diamond in that it is unusually flawless and perfect in color. It’s just too good to be true. No, we definitely don’t want to buy Cubic Zirconia. Let’s just leave it for the losers who watch The Home Shopping Network.
Round 2:(Knit 1, Knit 2 together) across the round. (20 stitches)
huge, silky muscles at his neck and silvered dewlaps hanging,
All papers are SU, distressed all the edges, image stamped on XPress Blending Card, the background was created dotting around the image with the grey copics.
We see Cole locked away in a mental hospital, mumbling that he can't move. Roy asks "That's where they keep the criminally insane isn't it?" Myra says "He retired and that's it. But I didn't. I'm still the best long con roper you'll ever see." Roy answers "I bet you are, and now you're trying to rope me." She answers "Join up with you!"
But look-it-here! Ruff Ryders ain’t got nothing on Organization XII
I am now at the point in my life where I am going to choose my own headstone. However, I have a dilemma. Do I order one of those dual headstones that so many married couples have?
Now, the problem with the Great River is that it has pretty quest rewards. I don’t know where they all come from. But, as Hymne of Cosmetic Lotro noted in this post, they’re breathing new life into old PvMP gear. And that suits me just fine and dandy, because I am entirely too big a coward to ever venture out into the Moors. So, the hood featured in the above post became an object of some obsession for me. And wouldn’t you know it, that pale gold accent colour goes just perfectly with the stunning pale gold that’s sort of the colour theme of the Ost Dunhoth set.
Yeats' secondary emotion upon the loss of his beard won't be a surprise either, at least not to those familiar with his spiritualism, his Theosophy, and his susceptibility to anyone with a Ouija board tucked under her arm. Invoking the name of London's most notorious spiritualist, Yeats continues his letter: "Madame Blavatsky promised me a bad illness of three months through the loss of the mesmeric force that collects in a beard."
Ultimately, once the film settles into its cartoonish universe of self-centered prosecutors (who somehow still manage to not neglect their families much) and vigilante terrorists with not only the desire but also the means and skill to threaten the political and judicial class of a major American city, it turns out to be fun ride, with a far-fetched mystery plot to work out as it progresses.
This is Sandow’s “so long from FCW match” and in the fashion that FCW does, and not the other shows, Sandow loses to Jason Jordan. This is the best I’ve seen Jordan look in a match, to be honest, and this made me look forward to seeing more from him. It also shows off Sandow’s wrestling skills which still are to be seen on Smackdown, even though he’s already being called a Smackdown superstar. I’d be fine with that if he even lost a wrestling match. You aren’t officially on Smackdown or Raw or any other show to me until you wrestle.
always excelling at all you touch
Sad thing is...since posting this on their wall on September 2, they've had zero suggestions. I guess when you only have 138 likes, you're not likely to get many suggestions.
I came home and I told my husband this experience and turns out he too has been in prayer about checking out recovery for his own reasons. There are no coincidences with God and I feel like He is telling us that we need to be there. This has been a big week spiritually, I have seen so many answered prayers that I probably cried 3 times with joy. With my own fear layed out on the table, I go to bed tonight in prayer that I listen to what God is telling me and do what He will have me do and that I do NOT ignore His revelation to me.
ROM 1:31 Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful:
Published April 23, 1893
Because we all also already know that contentment isn’t really about external circumstances. How else do you explain unhappiness among the wealthy, sadness in suburbia, self-esteem issues among beautiful people, etc. Those who seemingly have all the world has to offer still know deep in their souls that what is on the outside is just that. Outside. It is the inside and in our hearts where our lives are changed.
A young salesman hung a movie poster in his work area. It wasn’t obscene or offensive, but it was more appropriate for a college dorm room than an office selling expensive products.
by Joanna M. Weston
but as I was idly thinking of chorizo
1 THE average Japanese woman can expect to live to 84; her counterpart in Botswana will die at 39.
While "long-term strategist" sticks out more as an abstract category, applicable to all of the others, rather than a position in and of itself, the analytic impulse behind Hyde's list has provoked an interesting conversation; Dan Hill, Marcus Westbury, MM Jones, and Gerard Reinmuth are just a few of the participants enlivening the post's growing comments thread.
I think it'll be nice to be on the road again. Too much luxury seems to soften me, makes me forget to do things. Things like read books, build campfires, count shooting stars, listen to the howling and growling of the wildlife, and update my blog. Time to change all that.
“Side one” closes with “Running to Stand Still,” a more meditative and less-epic heroin-ballad cousin to the other Best U2 Song Ever, “Bad” from 1984's The Unforgettable Fire. (By the way, I held on to Unforgettable Fire as my favorite U2 album for as long as I could… in a way I think of it as The Joshua Seeds.)
I've had this post done for ages... at least mentally! I love to hear what others are up to and thought I'd do another general post about the rhythm of our day.
Gilded Age gowns and beaded purses – count us in! We hope you enjoyed our time with Natalie as much as we did – and we’re curious to know your own thoughts on how to make the most of a thrifting trip. Come tell us on Twitter and Facebook – we love hearing from you!
for a bit of life, for what keeps you going
6:30-7:00 Opening night address, Thomas Doherty, Shaw Foundation Professor, Nanyang Technological University, “Adventures in the Film Archives”
The line-up is available below:
flickr.com/photos/cphotography2010/sets/
Instead of minty cream filling, you can substitute strawberry, raspberry, orange, coffee or any other flavouring that you like with chocolate.
I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t probably going to have at least one more glass of this, since it may be part of the Mellow Mushroom’s Beer Club 75 required beers. Yeah, I’ll get around to joining that at some point.
“When it happened it was my first year as head coach,” says Steve. “When I first saw him in the hospital, he had lost four pints of blood, then four more the next time. I realized if people hadn’t given blood, he wouldn’t be here.”
Average: 4.8 stars
I got lost
29th of December 2011
Giving back,
The Flaming Lips, if you like their music even a tiny bit, are a must-see. Their show is just a visual and sonic onslaught on your senses. Fabulous stuff. It is a truly joyful experience.
Here we’ve mixed up all the meat, herbs and spices, and portioned out the burgers into 5oz-6oz portions. I’ve also set aside four more pre-formed burgers that I put in the freezer for the next time I want some turkey burgers.
I would like to know how a statistical study, no matter how sophisticated, can possibly tell us the subjective motives for acts that were never taken and, moreover, how it can do so with the specificity of telling us approximately how many people did not do what they otherwise would have done under different circumstances. Where are these people? And, more importantly, how would we recognize one if we happened across him or her? (source)
Imagine that the Wazznians have been eyeing the possibility of invading
That hid in my arms afraid of the thunder?
Outside my flat there's a little entrance that I share with my next door neighbour. It used to be all white, which I found rather dull after seeing it every day for seven years. Now, technically, this room is part of the public areas in my building as it's an emergency exit through the loft, from one main entrance to another. However, on a daily basis my neighbour and I are the only ones who use it. So I asked her if she was ok with my adding a touch of color to it. As she had no problem with that, I just decided to go ahead and paint it without bothering to ask the board for permission. Since they're never here anyway, I'm pretty sure they're never gonna notice something has changed....;)
And sings the tune without the words,
Is it just me? Am I really such a monumental brute for being briefly tickled by radio broadcaster George Hook’s wordplay in a recent address to a rugby club?
Living in Arizona, we don't have the privilege of owning a large winter wardrobe. Therefore, most of the time we're left to improvise and mix & match our summer clothing. It might sound crazy, but it ends up looking crazy cute!!!
The photo above is of my father-in-law. He's the director of bands and chair of the music department at Doane. His bands sounded fantastic and to see him conduct the finale, the Hallelujah chorus, was really neat. Let's keep in mind that at one time I had to conduct the Hallelujah chorus in front of him. For a class. Of which he was the professor. During my freshman year of college. When Allen and I had been dating for all of 4 months. YEP! That happened.
Instead of going to the movies we subscribe to Netflix. For just $10 a month we get great movies sent to our mailbox! I can't imagine how much it would cost for us (8 at home) to see a movie!!
I'm thinking, "The whole back of the plane is empty and you have to sit there?" Not in my row, mind you, but the row in front of me. Nonetheless, I am annoyed beyond belief and now my whole flight is ruined because I have to look at that flake of dandruff on the guy's head just inches away from me and if he reclines his seat during the flight I'm gonna lose it. Which he, of course, does, thus forcing my eyeballs to roll clear back to my cerebellum where no doubt they will someday be stuck for good.
Recently, I have been experiencing nostalgia for my mother's garden. When I was a child I envisioned the secret life of every creature around me, real and imaginary. I suspected they were up to something special when humans weren't around.
Lesson learned, people if it’s broken and unfixable the first time you can’t “back slide” drunkenly again.
Then came the nasty part -- killing and gutting them. We decided that killing them by freezing them was the most humane, so we added ice to the water they were in. I watched a couple of videos on youtube showing how to clean fish and then we spread a plastic cloth on the tailgate of the pickup truck and started in. As a former biology major, I started the dissection. After the first fish, I wasn't grossed out but it was hard and messy work. Fortunately, I didn't take any pictures. Jay and Kathryn pitched in and eventually we got them all cleaned.
Wishing you a wonderful weekend wherever you may be and whatever you may be up to?
I am so distraught over these birds. I frantically think of all the ways I can be the mama bird. I am also thinking about the caterpillar I rescued only an hour before, only to be responsible for the lives of these poor little birdies. Dang it, that caterpillar sure would come in handy right about now…
For the first time since we’ve been home from the hospital, we had a somewhat dramatic morning. Jason woke up around 6 am to discover a blue Sam sleeping in his crib. I’m not speaking metaphorically here—Sam was not depressed but physically blue, especially around his mouth and eyes. When Jason hooked him up to the pulse-ox, he found that Sam’s oxygen saturation levels were in the 60s (as you may recall from earlier posts, Sam’s O2 level is supposed to be at least 75, preferably in the 80s).
Me: "I think that's my choice."
Gemma can’t believe her luck when the star football player starts flirting with her. Max is totally swoon-worthy, and even gets her quirky sense of humor. So when he asks out her so-called best friend Addison, Gemma’s heartbroken. Then Addison pressures Gemma to join the date with one of Max’s friends. But the more time they all spend together, the harder Gemma falls for Max. She can’t help thinking that Max likes her back—it’s just too bad he’s already dating Addison. How can Gemma get the guy she wants without going after her best friend’s boyfriend?
2. In a large skillet over medium-high heat, warm the olive oil. Add the garlic and cook until just fragrant. Add the herbs, crushed red pepper, salt, and 1/4 cup grated cheese, and stir. Pour over the cooked squash and stir well. Place in a serving dish. Drizzle with remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil (preferably extra virgin) and sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup grated cheese. Serve hot.
I spend time texting/
With the arrival of spring comes a deep desire to freshen up the house inside and out. It might still be too early to get dirty in the garden, but the moment the snow melted hubby and I got busy power washing the deck, washing windows, putting away winter clothes, sports equipments and even started on some dreaded touch up painting around the house.
makes 2 servings
Scenario II
and the winner by a length is Big Red! The crowd goes wild!
later, they primarily used acoustic instruments and placed
And drab as a dead man’s hand;
Voila, you must continually better your mental, spiritual, financial and physical self. Jim Rohn says “better to live in a tent with the person you love, than in a mansion by yourself.”
Brooks: because he’s a lot of fun
* Uppsala University (Sweden)
So I went searching around the house and tried HEAPS of things.. then this morning it hit me to use and try Blue Tack.. Guess what it worked a treat. This stuff is cheap (i paid $2.50AUD for mine) and you can get it anywhere (post office, stationary store, department store, etc).. I am not sure what it is called out side Australia, it may even have the same name.. As it is made in Australia.. But I am sure it should be available international..
It’s the fact that there was a carefully orchestrated ‘machine’ behind the talent. Just as there was when the HIStory album was launched via a colossal effigy of Jackson; a statue that took about a month to create and which was towed up the River Thames right into central London to announce the arrival of his new record. The man who, on Sony’s behalf who ‘choreographed’ all of that – Jonathan Morrish. And, there are a hundred other examples – the people behind the scenes – from whom generations to come can glean knowledge.
3) Create the all-important blog article idea file.
~I tend to really ramble on about those companies I love, but ESPECIALLY those that reflect a certain level of creativity. Vintage enthusiasts are my target audience so if you specialize in Pin Up Glamour, Vintage style clothing, handmade items, collectible antiques, or anything else that would be intriguing to those of us with a propensity for classic glamour etc., please consider promoting your store here. Each sponsor will receive a blurb in one of my videos as well as a blog post dedicated to their company.
It is important for brands to have fans and advocates.
Apparently, “If a woman was to walk up to a mall directory, a camera inside would take a photo. It will recognize her gender, age and race and instantly provide an ad for the appropriate products. So, if the shopper is a 30-year-old woman, she might see adds for makeup, shoes and clothing”.
Update savings list from couponing.
Replace things in recipes with what you have on hand. This does not mean spinach is a perfect replacement for potatoes, but it does mean you can waver on *perfect matching* a recipe and actually have something that's more personal to your tastes. You might not even know what you personal tastes are yet as you try new things! A few things: onions can replace onions. SHOCKING, I know - but you can use any onion to replace any onion. Instead of going by cooking time, go by appearance (as, say, shallots will caramelize quicker) and remember flavour will change slightly (but, honestly, it may improve your meal as opposed to destroying it as some seem to think).
KALAMARI SCHARAS 14
So–here we go, back to the main topic–so,yes, I’m ascribing some very human emotions to my backyard birds.
Track Fire, NM
The guy building a business is the person who actually pays for all the progressive wet dreams people like Ms. Warren love so much..not only by dealing with all the fees, regulations and taxes the government levies on anyone in business but by employing others who likewise pay into the system. Thus the Evil factory owner pays a much larger chunk for the government services she mentions than say, a college professor or a government functionary.
We feel so tired, my heart and I.
Lancaster and its James Street Improvement District are prime examples of living by these three simple rules! I suggest a field trip for any struggling downtown merchants or downtown organizations who want to see what is possible!
2. Raspberry Ketone
Day 3 – Torndirrup National Park
I compared Cle de Peau to MAC Pro Longwear which is what I normally use. You can see Cle de Peau gives a bit more coverage than the MAC concealer.
PUPPPS RASH
I’m not really fond of cooking but there are times when I don’t want to do anything except to invade our kitchen. How about you? What do you do when you’re bored?
Notes: Tremulous voice is a must; however, tasting like a peanut is not necessary.
The Adventure 10 is a modern backpack designed for the SLR photographer with a pro digital or film SLR with a grip and 8" lens attached, numerous additional lenses, a flash, accessories and a 17" screen laptop. The completely foam-padded lower compartment protects photo equipment, wh… Read More >>
B-KC Kiki Cuyler-$4
Other cool things you can do include owning a pet (I chose an ugly screech owl because life experiences have taught me that bad looks generally lead to more character), making potions (now I’m understanding why Harry and Ron struggled in Snape’s class), dueling, getting sorted, and winning house points.
Downtown Glendale was the scene for a French Marketplace and we decided to stop by.
Yaya
He knew everybody wouldn’t think this was a great idea. He knew people would say giving to a guy on the train wasn’t the smartest way to give—that he should give to a homeless shelter instead. But Dichter realized his generosity experiment was about him. If he really wanted to see broken places and people in the world healed, he had to start by being more open himself, being willing to take risks. He was “tired of hiding behind what was smart instead of doing what was right.”
ADL recently announced that, having spearheaded passage of The Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Hate Crimes Prevention Act, it will now lead stage two, a massive national campaign to train lawyers to become hate crimes prosecutors. Holder says that, having been personally frustrated over the past 11 years in his efforts to help pass the hate bill, as Attorney General he is determined to begin immediate enforcement.
I still haven't actually got much these past few months but the things i'm showing you are things I really am in love with and I think are definately worth buying. I want to try and buy more makeup as I haven't got much for a while and there wasn't really much that I felt was good enough to show you. I definately want to expand my blush collection, I have a serious lack of beautiful cheek colours!
sorry completely forgot to post my July 16th set, so... here we go now
I spent some of today at Cheat Lake Animal Hospital (www.cheatlakevets.com) helping with a bake sale while folks brought their dogs in for a bath and nail trim to benefit the ACCA and SOL (not what you think, but Save Our Lives, for homeless dogs and cats). The money that the ACCA raises will likely go toward purchasing kennels that with the addition of perches, will be converted to bird cages.
Someone said to me yesterday that “as individuals we are inclined to cut our personal expenses in a bad economy and try to wait things out.” For a company that wants to be successful in the market, it is about fighting this personal urge to hide and stay on the offensive in the most cost effective way.
This is our decree. Heed our word.
There is no similar ceremony for mothers and sons. Apparently, God was smart enough to put the onus of purity on girls alone. And I appreciate that.
Based on these perceptions, groups aspiring to self-determination formed delegations, selected representatives, formulated demands, launched campaigns, and mobilized publics behind them. They composed and circulated a flood of declarations, petitions, and memoranda directed at the world leaders assembled in Paris and directed at public opinion across the world. Many of the petitioners adopted Wilson’s rhetoric of self-determination and the equality of nations to formulate their demands and justify their aspirations, both because they found his language appealing and, more importantly, because they believed it would be effective in advancing their cause. They quoted at length from the president’s Fourteen Points address and his other wartime speeches, praised his plan for a League of Nations, and aimed to attract his support for their struggles to attain self-determination.
An Apple/Pear (cut into small bite-size pieces)
Or do you prefer to fly
DCC RPG is pretty interesting. We played zero level characters "The Funnel" I believe is what it is called. My wife wasn't sure about running 4 characters at once but she quickly got into it. The characters were basically lowly peasant smucks an were dropping like flies! The party had lost 2 by the second room and another was injured! LOL By the end of the adventure we had lost TEN characters!!! I managed to keep three of my four alive and my wife lost 2 of her four, it was alot of fun. We didn't use the new dice types too much: d24 etc.. but I'm definately gonna pick this up when it comes out. The crit tables alone are awesome! My wife admitted after the game that she really like the "Funnel" concept and would definately be up to playing DCC again. I think she will be playing "Helgestus the Armorer" Now a first level fighter again for sure!
Here's a little peek into the Cookie Swap, along with a simple recipe for Butterfinger Wannabes...a great treat that is so very easy to make and even more delicious to eat!
As suggested by brief reports leaked weeks earlier, the agreement sees Rebellion Racing emerge as the official and exclusive partner of Toyota Motorsport within the LMP1 category for the 2011 season, with Toyota Motorsport supplying engines and technical assistance to the squad.
Next, I want to thank my colleagues -- the people I have worked with all these years, whose coattails I have shamelessly ridden.
This study, he said, offers proof of the role SIRT1 plays in the relationship between resveratrol and aging, and could offer insight into how future anti-aging drugs may work.
Pretty, Happy, Funny. Real all in one!
shining brightly from afar
is it good, is it bad
We are *so* not impressed with the designers. There were several of these. Silk, still with the tags. They didn't sell and were brought in and didn't sell at BJ's, either. So I'm supposed to see what I can do to it. I thought it would be just a matter of taking out the elastic--who THINKS of these things, putting this big hunk of thick, stiff elastic under the bust? It's just totally hideous on--when something makes even me look fat and bovine, you know something's wrong. Plus that zipper is unnecessary--I didn't even know it was there until after I had the dress on. So I thought I'd rip out the elastic and remove the zipper--it's too heavy and makes that side sag--but it turns out that the dress is actually three separate pieces: the bodice, that channel with elastic in it, and the skirt--all totally separate. I don't know if I'm up to it or not--it's a lot of work for something I would probably never wear (never fear: I have no plans to wear something like this as a dress--I am not one of those old women who, just because they're thin, think that means they can dress like a 20-year-old. Or a 30-year-old. I know some of those women, and I am not among their numbers. No, I would wear it, probably over a tank, as a tunic over cropped jeans. But the color doesn't grab me. I may do it, though, just because it's a challenge: I love trying to take something that was a horrible design and remake it into something that works. You know I do. I love those kinds of challenges.
Well, it turns out that not only may she not be a Cherokee, there is an additional twist.
Our daughter was born on March 11, at 12:29 p.m. She was 6 lbs 13 oz, 19 inches long, and absolutely perfect. She screamed louder than her brother, and looked just like him at birth.
The regular day job also diminishes the frustration that our writing career throws up as we are assured that atleast we have a job and there is money in our bank account and that we are not spending time pursuing a career that’s just not taking off. Just imagine the scenario if writers were to live solely on the income provided by their writing. It would be one stressed human, tearing his or her hair out and struggling financially.
Pretty...
It's on the market for a nest $27,500,000. Of course, you may want to bargain the price down so you have some money left for the maids and the butlers you'll want to hire.
The negative results: there are two possible indicators of a chromosomal abnormality. The more serious of the two being that there is a high amount of fluid in both kidneys. This indicates either a blockage in the system somewhere or reflux, where the fluid is coming out but some of it is going back up again. This problem cannot be dealt with at all in utero and is something that we would deal with as we meet with the pediatrician after birth.
This is a hard novel to write a review for, as I’m sure other readers have experienced, without spoiling it for those of you who haven’t read it. It is a very complex novel full of twists and turns that constantly keep you second guessing on which characters you can trust and which ones you can’t. Adam Christopher’s characters are really the strength of the novel, I believe. Rad’s character feels very Chandler-esque and just your average Joe. He wants to do what’s right, not just for himself but for everyone else who lives in Empire State. And boy, does he face some challenges along the way! With the suspicions surrounding his best pal Kane, and the enigmatic explorer Captain Carson and his robotic companion, Byron, Rad knows he can only really trust himself. But how can one man save an entire world?
Celebrate your link with the Creator, but don’t let go of the creation. If you are starting to lose touch with your feelings, perhaps you’re letting too much go. Being human is a gift. Allow yourself to be present to enjoy your present.
I think they are by are the best Challenges. For this Challenge Emma is asking that we use a frame on the item that we create. Throwback Thursday Challenges are for us to use OLDER Cricut carts. I have to say that I have been slacking on using my Cricut.
Here is the video, please be kind...it's my first time doing a video, I was really nervous ;)
This is one of those dishes that brings backs childhood memories. Well, actually, teenager memories. See, during our high school and college days, our house was one of the houses where my brother's and my friends just seemed to gather. Especially during our college breaks, Mom was never sure how many people she was going to have around for dinner. There always seemed to be one or two (or more) impromptu additions at the dinner table! I like these memories. I like that our house was that 'comfortable.'
If you have answered yes to all of these questions, there is a good chance that you might qualify for status. These criteria can be found on INAC's website here:
Fine Again
So I have come to this conclusion: all language coaches should spend time in a country who's language they not only do not speak, but who's language is absolutely nothing like...almost any other language in the world. I'm thinking that that next workshop should be in either Latvia or Estonia.
And the yellow half-moon large and low:
Hi everyone! I wanted to stop in real quick and share with you the February release from The Sampler. The kit is so fabulously gorgeous! I have been having so much fun playing and can't wait to share with you all the goodies I am making.....
Battle of the Bulbs ... Hallmark Channel ... 6 PM
Recently I heard of several people say, ‘How can you believe in the Bible? It’s an ancient book that is not relevant for today.’ These thoughts were shared by “Christians” who made a conscience decision to only believe portions of the Bible. So, my question is really simple…Is the Bible entirely true or partially wrong?
Did the first day begin with
She even added a letter for every.single. item. How cute is that!!
Life is good. God is great. I couldn't ask for a better life with my beautiful little family.
2kg jam sugar
D.H: Liam Neeson – Battleship movie preview, could be cool.
me before!
How 'bout to you?
Please know that I do plan for this to be my first and ONLY pity post. I almost called it Pity Party - table for one! I get down but then I spring back up. That is what I hope to do in the next 24-48 hours!
“You Rock my World” – The Hague 6 to Ocampo
Contre les jacobins, le siècle et le péché.
I rarely respond to author LL barkat’s challenge to write something about On, In, and Around Mondays, yet this time, in my dazed tiredness, I feel the want to do something productive since all my morning plans have dissolved.
The short apology reads:
When we got off of the plane inFresno, my daughter’s first comment was that I didn’t look so good. I just had to smile. I knew that I was not in the best of condition, but oh, it could have been so much worse. God had given me two miracles! And He had reminded me that I need to be more thankful for all of His daily blessings that I tend to take for granted. He truly revealed His love and care for me.
Bad enough to have printing costs taken out. But what writers who aren't familiar with dodgy publisher-speak may not realize is that "sale price" doesn't mean list price, but the publisher's net income--the money it actually receives from retailers and distributors, which, because of discounting, may be as little as 40% of list. (This is what's known as a net profit royalty--and it's not a good thing.) So instead of getting $7.50 on the sale of each of your $15 books, you might actually receive as little as $1 ($15 x 40% = $6, less $4 for printing = $2 x 50%).
The managing director of the company was present in court to answer the charge.
Two orderlies came out to the cab as soon as we pulled up. They were solicitous and intent, watching her every move.
“The Only One” by Manchester Orchestra
100% Tempranillo – aged 20 months French barriques (70%) and American barriques (30%). Made from 90 year old ungrafted / Piede Franco Tempranillo vines on the estate, I assume there is enough sand in the soil for these vines to have survived without being grafted.
The nights grow cold: misty. Rivulets stream down our car windows.
To get out of this place
Purify skin to prepare for the anti-ageing serums; Renew with the anti-ageing serums that deeply penetrate skin cells, and Regenerate the skin with intensely moisturising creams which deliver luminosity and boost cell renewal.
I have just sat on my back door step feeding my visiting ducks - bliss. They are partial to well soaked (dripping wet) bread and seeds. I give them only tiny amounts as they must not become dependent on me. In fact it was my soppy husband who started this - he who does not want ducks or chickens, despite my pleas, has now said he doesn't mind?? So now they hear us around and come running, searching the ground around our feet for any scattered largesse!
"Why do you have to act like a slut all the time" (Because he told me he liked women who dress up, so I used to turn up at his house wearing. . . )
Chin is of the opinion that last Saturday’s outcome has not tainted Bersih or any other (political) party.
Ethan Wingfield (REP) 16.37% 304
Place the dough onto a piece of greased parchment paper (I used THIS coconut oil spray). Using a rolling pin, roll the dough out in a circle shape with even thickness throughout. Place the bottom parchment with the unbaked wraps onto a cookie sheet (I make sure it isn't stuck to the parchment otherwise it is hard to release after baking). Bake at 350º for 20 minutes or until done throughout (this will depend on how thick you rolled the dough). Use for sandwiches! Yum! Makes 6 wraps.
I recently watched a movie called “Fierce People” and it caused a stirring in my mind, as so many other things do. In the final dialogue of the film the main character states, “We are the sum of all people we have ever met; you change the tribe and the tribe changes you.”
“The SAT2 variant is new to the region, meaning that animals do not have any acquired resistance to it.”
Brian O’Connell
I’ve often wondered if an apology would ever be forthcoming from the experts who manage to get it so wrong. Today there hasn’t even been a mention of how wrong they were. It seems like society has become accustomed to the inaccuracies. Not me. I still find is amazing that the current temperature being reported is several degrees different from the temperature being displayed at the bottom of the screen by that very news channel. Or, when I’m driving in the same town that the radio station is in, sometimes they say it’s currently sunny, but the sky I see is full of clouds. They depend so much on all the weather equipment when sometimes all they have to do is look out the window. If they can’t get that right, it’s hard for me to believe them other times.
Here are the ATCs I received. I adore them all. Each one so unique and beautiful. The Celebrate Spring theme was definitely followed by these creative talented people. Thank you to Sylvia, Lynn, Liz, Troy, Karen and Danielle. I simply feel spoiled with these additions to my ATC collection.
- Nothing sums up what the last few years have taught me quite so well.
I am a fan of the street poster... in particular French ones. Take this one... in Saint Rémy de Provence... advertising a festival of female singers in a nearby town... The visuals appealed and the names intrigued... I want to know more about these chanteuses...
Greatly reduced crashes on older devices!
Hope you will have fun trying. Here's the video.
So, what should be a relaxing time so far is stressing me out big time. Granted, we never did this before – planning the entire vacation on our own thing – but I didn’t think it would require this much brain power.
Manicures are fun, but I've always kind of thought they were a waste of money. You spend thirty minutes hanging out, doing nails, pay $25 (or more), and BAM, on the way out the door, you smudge something.
Guy #1 Said he was a professional, non-smoker with his own house and car. That he enjoyed cinema, nice meals, walks on the beach, yadda yadda. Your standard personal ad basically. He had a pleasant voice but sounded a little wooden and uncomfortable. But ok.
Just saying you believe there is a God and that you are trying to be a good person is not enough. I hope this doesn't sound too harsh, but to anyone reading this that doesn't know Him as Lord and Savior, I love you and pray that you will not run from God, but run to Him. He doesn't promise that everything in your life will magically be better when you become a Christian, but he does promise to be with us through all things and the assurance of Heaven is also a pretty awesome thing.
1. Use “What Would Make Me Happy” as the title of a new poem.
The Spirit clearly says that in later times some will abandon the faith and follow deceiving spirits and things taught by demons.
In another dream, we were all in a house overlooking a river. I decided that maybe we were overlooking it from a bit too close, so I went outside and looked under the house. Sure enough the river was running under part of it, and although the house was built on posts, they didn’t look too substantial, and I worried that the house might fall into the river. When I turned to go back in, I saw that a mountain lion was stalking me, and I knew I would never make it to the door. I yelled for help, and when someone opened the door, I told her to bring me a gun. “Which one?” she asked. “Any of them!” I yelled, and woke up.
One day I was walking home from work (notice I said walking, poor and NO car) I spotted by the dumpster a most lovely couch. (It had legs and every thing! I was in love! ) We were so excited for night to fall that night. (To get the couch-focus here)
Since they are synthetic, they were super shinny!! so I washed them with fabric softener and then added baby powder :D! here you can see the results!
11 South Main St.
Same Thing – Muddy Waters
house and shot the three men dead,”
Tracking Structural and Functional Brain Abnormalities
I was minding my own business, really I was! Eating veggies and salads like a good girl and trying to stay away from those luscious chocolate chip cookies (sadly not succeeding much)! Along came Poorna of Presented by P flashing photos of her Bacon and Mushroom Risotto and being gleeful about how yummy it tasted. We had a long chat about risottos, cheeses, mushrooms and other edible treats. Of course the glutton in me reared her ugly head demanding a hearty risotto. Little shamefaced confession I gave in without much fight. Made a creamy, cheesy risotto for Friday night.
1 disruption
That next week I met Autumn and her foster parents at our office. I wanted this young woman to understand how I would become part of her life and that I wanted to build a trusting relationship with her. I told her how I could help her with her SAT preparation, her resume and her college essays. She immediately said “Cool, when are you coming over? I’m free next week”. I was so excited that Autumn was going to allow me into her life and listen to my advice and essentially allow me to lead her. That next week I went to her foster home and we began our mentor/mentee relationship. That was three months ago and it has been going fantastically. Together, we’ve revamped her resume and she’s gotten a few job interviews, I’ve gotten her interested in summer camp and even thinking about taking an SAT prep course.
If only there was a book with eternal words of wisdom that could help me communicate a solution to this complicated aberration to our family dynamic…ah yes! I still had the Bible in my hand.
2. He/she will grow out of it.
::Info Insert::
And at teh risk of sounding like a "take your medicine" parent, it'll do indie writers in general a power of good. The real indie writers. Those who've succeeded on Kindle because they engaged with readers will carry on succeeding. For everyone else the end of a cash cow may eb what's needed to get them doing it right and non-lazily before they learn bad habits.
Footballers are not responsible for the ridiculous price tags placed on their heads and as demonstrated today can buckle under the media spotlight. Fans don’t care for details either, they just want their team to perform, be courageous, inventive and give their all for the badge.
Be prepared for BIG GETS posts in the future.
This morning Ireland’s Central Statistics Office (CSO) has released its inflation figures for January 2012. The monthly headline Consumer Price Index (CPI) was down 0.5% compared to December 2011, but up 2.2% year-on-year (down from 2.5% in December 2011). The biggest driver of inflation in the past 12 months continues to be the CSO category of housing-related costs, and within that, the most significant component is mortgage interest which has risen 7.8% in the past 12 months as domestic bank-driven interest rate rises take effect, though this is substantially down from the 15-20% increases seen in recent months. Energy costs in homes have risen by 11% in the past 12 months.
OBSTACLES: Not many remember the gothic soap opera and those who are fans might just resent the more comic turn.
I really recommend reading it if you can get your hands on a copy. Now all I need is an actual house!
OK,I cheated and set the camera up near the bird feeder by the shed,the only place that I knew the birds would be.
There is a predominant teaching in Christendom today that proclaims God has two separate ‘peoples’, National Israel and the Church.
But she isn't done impressing me. Her laundry nook turned office really gets my heart racing. Like I just drank eleven cups of espresso racing. We are talking about creating an office nook after all...
Okay on to the post.
'We're did that Pekingese come from?'
Franken and groups, including the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), the Center for Digital Democracy and Consumer Watchdog, said voluntary guidelines won’t be enough to protect privacy.
"I don't know, Clay."
My choice were some of of carpet (either a large rug or two, or carpet tiles made for home gyms or rubber (either large rubber mats or rubber tiles that connect to each other).
As I was pulling up to our house, Husband flagged me down. "I can hear him! He's somewhere in the woods in one of our neighbor's yards and he's whimpering."
Use power words liberally. Be unabashed in talking about the benefits of your new product, especially as the launch date approaches.
10. Code Word: HONEYMOON (Sex)
I performed my interactive sippy test with New Belgium Brewing Co., Ranger IPA; one bottle and one can. The can was marked for use by June 2012. The marking on the bottle was illegible; but, the brewery is only 55 miles from the liquor store and the liquor store does a big volume; ergo, I take both to be fresh.
Mike Sharperson wore the No. 27 longer than anyone besides Willie Crawford. He assumed the number from Landrum in 1988 and wore it until 1993.
wait-
If I had to go all macro on you, I'd say that too many people have been brought up who are constantly seeking praise. From childhood--when they needed to see their drawings hung on the refrigerator till today when they need to see their work gushed over.
Chicago pizza is synonymous with strong-dish pies that have cheese on the bottom and sauce on the top rated. But Chicago pizza restaurants serve each type of pizza you can imagine – from Neapolitan pies baked in a wood-burning oven to gourmand pizzas with fancy toppings.
That drifts among the surging throng.
Please get in touch if you are interested in discussing or ideally scheduling a download of any or all of these apps.
Flash forward to two weeks ago, when we moved in, and I had hundreds of cardboard boxes and dozens of trash bags of packing paper.
I miss my gran. She'd know what to say.
When he applied himself to it, he could be an excellent teacher. He encouraged my interest in history and tried to instil in us a sense of the importance of politics and debate. It was a classroom in which debate was frequent; given his lack of fundamental authority, those of us with rhetorical ability could engage him in endless discussions, or encourage him to hold forth on themes which interested him. But, more often than not, he was listless and unmotivated and frequently avoided teaching subjects, like the Irish which (following the official national ethos of independent Ireland should one day resume its long-lost position as first language of the country) was compulsory and generally hated by a majority of the pupils. Thomas Mooney spoke fluent Irish himself, but seemed to find the effort of pounding it into our thick reluctant skulls too much. Our lack of progress here would cause a number of my fellow pupils serious problems later on (Irish remained compulsory as a major subject right up to the end of secondary school), but, fortunately for me, my parents spotted my deficits pretty quickly and arranged for me to get extra tuition outside school.
For much of the nation’s history, applejack, peach brandy and other fruit spirits were key characters in the realm of American drinks. Today, bartenders and craft distillers are rediscovering the appeal of fruit spirits, and this is the most dynamic era in generations for the production and use of these brandies.
God said "Say no more." Instantly the cat had a huge fluffy pillow.
always had pretty, pastel dresses
1 jimmy
Then again, I think we got that from all the fighting so I’m not sure we needed the narration. What we really didn’t need is the sudden starting and stopping of laughter–we get it, he’s crazy. That bit really broke the movie for me. It was the first crack that made sure nothing else in the movie would be tense because I didn’t care about this guy anymore. I just wanted him to stop.
In 1782 Nancy had become separated from her husband due to cruelty and was surprisingly well educated for a woman of her time. When Burns became the toast of Edinburgh in 1787 she was determined to meet him. There was quite a spark between the two, leading to a lengthy correspondence. Unfortunately Nancy and Robert had slightly different ideas about how the relationship should continue. Burns would rather it was a bit earthier and eventually he found what he wanted below stairs - Nancy's servant Jenny Clow had a child to him in 1888.
About news:
~~On a more positve note, I entered a flash fiction contest over at Writtenwryd. I was a big coward and entered anonymously. Baby steps people. If you like flash fiction, be sure to head over and give the entries a read, they are well worth it. You can even vote for 1st place, 2nd place, and best use of the given prompt.
My Islam is an ongoing education
Although Di Matteo says that questions as to whether he will be given a long-term contract to manage Chelsea at the end of this season are “irrelevant”, he commended the Football Association for appointing Roy Hodgson as England’s manager. “Roy is a gentleman, a very good coach and a very good manager,” said Di Matteo of the man who replaced him at West Bromwich Albion after he was sacked in February 2011. “England would be a difficult for anybody but I think he’s got all of the experience that you need for a national team. He has got results wherever he has been. I don’t know about public opinion but among his fellow professionals he’s very highly rated. He’s a fantastic manager.” Read More
PACK TOTAL : -4 pts BONUS TOTAL : 0 pts
Code Name Verity by Elizabeth Wein (p.246-300)
a recent injury. Think of how
Also available through Amazon.com
88 by
so Spring is really something to celebrate.
It didn't pan out that way. Yeah, the long-running Clinton/Obama battle last time out made for both good press and tested each candidate, such that folk had a good idea of what they were voting for by the end of it. But this multiple-clown-car-pileup that is the GOP selection process has been going on way too long. The early primary/caucus schedule did not coronate a clear leader, but left an ongoing "Tune in Next Week" feature to the ongoing drama. The debates were just terrible, in that they revealed more about the mob than about the candidates (It is apparently OK to boo servicemen, the dying, the uninsured, the elderly, the media, black people, people who ask follow-up questions, and black people in the media who ask follow-up questions). The entire process has taken on a train-wreck nature to it all.
It was made, entirely unironically, an artist friend of my mother’s, and she sold a number of them before (I suspect) the Disney corporation came hard down on her ass for copyright infringement.
One stopped being stared at and discriminated against and one started to be, and neither one was to blame.
or manually created swap devices.
National Guard troops are routinely involved in ‘urban warfare training’ drills but they usually take place within the confines of military bases. Many fear that the increasing presence of armed soldiers patrolling residential neighborhoods is a precursor to martial law.
Hello faithful readers, I have returned!
it is your Love and your alone that has given me these and oceans of mercy aplenty
I haven't forgot you and I still love you. I'm working on my new daily routine here and working on fitting in at a new job. Avery has had her growing pains too. She learned that it ISN'T ok to push her cousin off the couch. Just bear with me as we figure things out.
Wonder Boy and the Jelly Gobbers
This is deeply on my heart after talking with someone who walked out on his wife and kids. “Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her, to make her holy, cleansing her by the washing with water through the word.”
So why do we have so many guns floating around, and why are we so scared? There are several reasons why, but the most potent reasons are that the NRA wants to promote gun ownership (regardless of the consequences or type of gun), the companies that manufacture guns want to sell more guns, and the media wants something to sensationalize. It is time to ban handguns in this country. Handguns are made to kill people, and that is exactly what they’re doing. People are not only being empowered, but being encouraged to use them. “Taking back the streets” does not mean killing everyone. It means building a real community, so that neighbors know one another and watch out for one another, not kill one another. Let’s hope that the senseless death of Trayvon Martin will at least start a dialogue about the culture of fear and the stupidity of laws such as Florida’s (and several other states’) “Stand Your Ground”.
My sister and I were agreeing the other day that March — which supposedly comes in like a lion and goes out like a lamb — continues to be one of those trying periods of every year. Because Lent always falls during this time, I half joked that all of Lent can feel like the Agony in the Garden. And then this morning she sent me an excellent article on this topic, and I started to make sense of the happenings of this past week.
He steps inside and closes the door, follows her, glancing down, watching her hips, watching her body, imagining her naked and… that shame and excitement hits him again, makes him giddy, dizzy, he almost stumbles.
The film proper ends with a haunting, stark shot of the porter slumped over in the restroom, totally broken and resigned to his fate. Murnau and Mayer wanted to end the film with the protagonist's sad death, completing their theme of a man crushed by his society's limiting ideas of a man's worth. The studio wanted a happier resolution, though, and Murnau and Mayer technically fulfill that mandate with a cynical, absurd epilogue that's practically dripping with sarcasm. It's even preceded by a title that explicitly identifies this ending as a deus ex machina, an intervention of the filmmakers with no relation to reality. In this ending, the porter is saved from his fate by an unlikely inheritance from a wealthy stranger, and he celebrates his good luck lavishly while doling out gifts to other unfortunate souls. The whole thing plays out as a ridiculous fantasy where it's entirely obvious that the director and writer have nothing but contempt for this addition to their art, and this tone winds up undermining the happy ending that the producers had wanted. In its very unreality, this epilogue simply reinforces the theme, since only an openly unrealistic miracle can save this sad man from what otherwise seemed an unavoidable and dismal fate.
“Will you be happy?”
Never toast with an empty glass. It's bad luck. Love and respect to all who read this on this Christmas day.
6.get rowdy
When the 16-year-old girl saw it, she said, "You have to eat all that?" and I said, "I GET to eat all that!" So here's what I did.....
And last but not least: What can be said about this? This is South Korea for you!!
It's paper secrets 3rd Birthday so to celebrate we will create in 3's.
Roses bloomed, butterflies emerged from wall crevices, a dry shed, and sought out the late blossom of buddleia to stock up for overwintering. California poppies that thought they’d come to an alien planet, flowered and raised their faces to the sun.
However trust me; it improves after the first glass. After a couple you even start to enjoy it. You may very well fall over, but it won’t be outside on the ice going to or coming from a dumpy pub.
12 p Family Fitness & Kick Boxing by TRIOMPH FITNESS
Sure, I’ll eat cake, but if there was a plate of cheese or a plate of cake, cheese wins. Every time. No question.
“It seems he does,” said the Flight Leader. “And we must pick him up. He can’t die.”
The Bad: They’ve taken over, I mean everywhere, to the point that eradication projects don’t even bother anymore. In past years the Ojai Meadow Preserve by Nordhoff has been a literal 8 foot tall forest of mustard, the tide is turning though, nice work OVLC.
The peaceful ride downtown was gone. Then they sang the Tequila Song. I still had no idea what had caused this invasion, nor did most of our other fellow travelers judging from the looks on their faces, until that same girl started screaming, "LOVEFEST! LOVEFEST! GONNA GET ME SOME LOVE AT LOVEFEST! LOVE LOVE LOVE! WOOOOOO HOOOOOOOO!"
Do not believe what you yourself have ‘imagined’,
Umpires: Marais Erasmus (South Africa), Sanjay Hazare (India).
Good luck and Happy Hunting!
We drove in the darkness of the woods of western Washington: there is not much darker than those woods, at night. But in the rain, you needed both hands, because the wipers were broken, and then you drove right handed, your left hand thrust out the broken window, moving the wipers by hand.
Several years ago, I used to write a paragraph about each child. It took so long to look at all of their assessments, then try to word a sweet, but direct, synopsis 18 different times. I decided there must be a quicker way. So, I created a checklist-style conference form. The skills closely relate to our lengthy report card. All of the "positives" are listed on one side and the "let's work on these" skills are listed on the other. Sometimes, I will put a checkmark on both sides (ex. If a child can count by 1s and 5s but not 10s, I will just circle the 1s and 5s on the "positive side" and then circle the 10s on the "negative side." ) I feel like it's a quick way for parents to see areas of praise and areas of concern.
Anwar finished and must have left. Could hear chanting BUKA BUKA BUKA. Suddenly saw frontlines moving forward towards Dataran just near where Anwar had been, and police RUNNING back. From our position it looked like they were really opening the barrier and letting the crowd intoDataran. Everyone near us cheered loudly and happily at this miraculous development!
Nowadays Buenos Aires is a very expensive place to live. The only thing that is more reasonable here than my home town of Los Angeles is housing, but due to California's recent economic problems, even that is changing. But oh yes, tango shoes are still a steal!
This little girl is the reason we chose to adopt through the state versus adopting through an agency. The kids no body wanted, the damaged kids. We were blessed with Lily, things were hard at times, but I wouldn't change it for the world. We could have submitted a life book and came home with a neat little perfect newborn, but we knew that was not what we were meant to do. We could have skipped the grueling visitations, the not knowing of what's next with her, but we knew there was something different in store for us.
Hold fast to this and never doubt it: the only-begotten Son, God the Word, becoming man offered himself for us to God as a fragrant offering and sacrifice.
- cottage cheese, veggie omelette, orange juice, water
Wee Papa Girl Rappers Wee rule UK
Sheesh. Brilliant Shelley, Brilliant.
Right, I'm off for a beer, anyone know a good pub that's still open?
Musa added that the board was looking at making changes to the management structure of the group to ensure that better corporate governance was adhered to.
she is a cuddler
The corresponded came in contact with the Channel 4 news service and told that police were aggressive during the arrest, especially against the team’s local driver, who was arrested and assaulted in front of the team, and then separated from them.
They're everywhere, I thought, as I brought down two more zombies in quick sucession with my Winchester.
P.S. If any Dancer’s Ranch people see this, please keep in mind it is a reflection of personal opinion and also is four-and-a-half years old. I make no claim about how the place is run currently.
I am trying everything......well almost everything. Recently I have been running. And I HATE running! My motto is that I only run if I'm being chased, and even then I'd probably get caught by the chaser. I am also not supposed to run. My feet/back/knees can't take it. It's a problem that is all connected. But I have been doing it anyway and icing my various parts to avoid injury.
The 4 foot All Season shop light is ideal for garages, utility and work areas requiring additional task lighting. The shop light is fully assembled and ready to install with a six inch textured gray reflector to match any work space. The fixture starts reliably down to 0 degrees F making it ideal for all weather applications, particularly in colder environments. Two long lasting energy-efficient 32W fluorescent bulbs are required and sold separately.
You can put a lead bullet clean through this guitar
The Gingerbread Simple Syrup (makes enough for 7 lattes)
We stayed at Harrah’s, which actually charges a reasonable nightly rate for a hotel smack in the center of the Strip … because it’s old. No flashy exterior or big free showy stuff. No mall (thank god). Seriously smoky casino because you can’t smoke in restaurants in Nevada but you can smoke in casinos, and Harrah’s is old enough that the ventilation sucks. At least the newer hotels have high ceilings and lots of plant life to suck out some of the cigarette poison. They also cost probably twice as much: we split the $167/night rate between the three of us. Not bad.
One such brand is Tats and Tempest. Founded and designed by Marcus Tezcan, this is a brand that specialises in gorgeous leather technology accessories: think cases for ipads, laptops, and mobile phones. As soon as I checked out the website I fell slightly in love with a couple of the designs: on-trend enough to make you stand out, but subtle enough to match whatever else you're wearing. Here are some of my faves:
I am absolutely in love with this song! I have been very back and forth about Maroon 5 in the past, only liking about half of each of their previous albums and, while that may still prove to be the case with their upcoming record, the past two singles they have released from this new record have been absolutely stunning! I am definitely loving them moving in this more pop direction because it works brilliantly for them. Adam Levine’s voice sounds so much stronger against a more pop sound and a beat, like on this track, “Moves Like Jagger” and “Stereo Hearts,” and those three tracks, in my opinion, are so much stronger than anything else they’ve done in their career. This song is absolutely gorgeous. It is simultaneously heartbreaking and yet catchy and fun to sing along with. I definitely recommend checking this one out!
But I might also remember something else.
5) Go perform somewhere (maybe at one of the improv blues sessions at The Rainbow; maybe at a social event where my fellow musical kinky-dyke friend and I could do a rendition of The Flower Duet from Lakmee (she pronounces it “Lick Me” — Apt. That’s all I’m saying) – conveniently, we each know a different role; maybe at Indie Night at my friend’s studio where she teaches and performs; but SOMEWHERE)
There, I feel better for having explained my views on the subject. Feel free to share your views in the comments.
The most likely instigator of an anti-Heartland provocation would be someone from among the political activists of the environmental movement, such as the merry pranksters of Greenpeace, who have been known to paw through the garbage cans of climate skeptics looking for evidence of payoffs from the fossil fuel industry (which, contrary to left-wing paranoia, has tended rather to be a generous funder of the climate catastrophe campaign). But shortly after the document dump, Ross Kaminsky, an unpaid senior fellow and former Heartland board member now with the American Spectator, noticed something odd in the digital fingerprint of the “strategy memo.” It had been scanned on an Epson printer/scanner on Monday, February 13, on the West Coast (not in the Midwest, where Heartland is located), just one day before the entire document dump appeared online for the first time. Like the famous little detail of when and how Alger Hiss disposed of his old Ford, this date and location will turn out to be a key piece of evidence unraveling the full story, some of which still remains shrouded.
And as Mr Arun Doraisamy, the NIAT Secretary pointed out, since 2008 there have been a long parade of controversies resulting from the Education Ministry. From the reversal of the PPSMI policy and the ensuing battle with PAGE, to the rising number of racial incidences in schools, to the schools problematic & ideologically slanted History syllabus, to the reduction of the number of subjects allowed to be taken for SPM, and many other issues. The Education Ministry (and by extension the Education Minister) has shown itself to be blatantly incompetent and dangerously ideological.
My sweet husband surprised me on my birthday with a surprise card shower! Bless his heart, he packed 78 cards and over 50 email into his suitcase without me knowing it and the morning of my birthday made me breakfast and called me in and there they all were! I was completely surprised, which is very tough to pull off! I felt so much love and shed lots of tears. I am the most blessed woman on the planet, that's for certain.
Tomorrow, we’ll be starting our new CERT Program Manager class. About half our students will be new. Plan on checking back tomorrow to see how we are progressing.
04/28/2012
A possibility for adventure.
And you know what? You are all right. Why don't we speak French to each other? Well there are many reasons why and the main ones being that by the time Sir Lancelot gets home at night he's exhausted and annoyed with the world (because let's all remember, he thinks he's running it) and for us to continue to have an adult relationship for the two to three hours a day that we see each other, it's counter-productive to attempt communication with my pitiful French. I can only go on about my day or the dinner I made in three, maybe four tenses with limited vocab.
A little over a week ago, I was at the alumni night for the Los Angeles Urban Project, visiting the UCI students who were doing LAUP for the summer and connecting with other alumni from the program. The latter half of the evening had us split up into locations by where we live, or want to live (ie. in the inner city, overseas, or the suburbs). Being an Irvine resident in the heart of the OC, I naturally went to the seminar on the suburbs.
Today makes one year that Veggies Natural Juice Bar has been open for business. So far so Good!...We would like to sincerely thank everyone who has supported us in any way over this past year. We couldn't have done this without you all! Your endless encouragement and great wishes for us to stay afloat has enabled us to be striving as a family business. Thanks everyone for keeping Veggies alive.
This, in the name of God, I promise here:
Trust me, Dad. It's going to be okay.
His effing and blinding’s a product of finding
We were driving last week into a colder climate where I saw a small pond with ice starting to spin its tentacles along the water. Soon the ice will win the day and the water will retreat into hibernation. We had just watched a movie about a man falling into an icy river. He tried valiantly to pull himself up on the ice pads floating on the river. The harder he tried to heave himself up; the faster the ice would break into pieces. Eventually the man gave up and swam for the shore. Luckily, he made it to safety.
To all of you who have been curious about our market but managed to get to Durban on the first weekend of the month,
I tuck in my shirt and secure my hair
Yesterday one of Dr. Pissy's staff was out, so Mrs. Pissy came in to help. And, of course, she brought Fancy.
Donate time, not money babies.
3) Working on about five projects at the same time, none of which I expect will see completion.
I think I’m making it sound more boring than it is, but I want to really fix this in my memory, and in the blog’s memory. This is the first Pulitzer novel that’s not only been sympathetic to a minority, but has actually succeeded in treating minority characters with the dignity and respect of being real human beings. In order to do that, La Farge has to jettison a lot of other things. But the result is this quiet little novel that begins in childish joy and ends with very mature grief, a novel that, 80 years later, is still moving (to me, at least) because it makes its characters too real for me to avoid feeling their emotions alongside them. He finds a way of writing that simultaneously makes the foreignness of their phrases clear (they speak a different language than I do) and yet does not destroy their intelligence by dumbing down the dialogue. I don’t know if high schoolers today would sit still for Laughing Boy. But if they did, I think more of them would connect with the story than wouldn’t, and in the end it would spark the right kind of conversations about America. That is can still do that now makes it a worthy Pulitzer winner, in my book, even if it isn’t Wharton (and it’s not).
You know it's bad when you are getting dressed and you start by clipping on your bra and you say the silent mantra:
C – Victor Martinez
Stones with Brian
Day one was probably the toughest. By the time dinner rolled around, I was already "done" with raw veggies. In fact, I wasn't upset in the slightest when someone came over to help me finish my dinner.
And say,…… that all it takes is a bad player or two that don’t care all THAT much about rules and regulations, to mess up an area’s water supply.
4. Prepare the crescent dough to make the chicken salad pockets. I do not make the prettiest pockets, but this is how I do it:
the fireplace all done...
of my childhood room
Place tomatoes on large baking sheet lined with parchment paper.
MERCURY RETROGRADE by Mary Robinette Kowal
Said Moon to a furious looking Black Pudding!
I'll let you form your own opinions on that.
RODRIGUEZ: And now eight more.
Dreaming of spring nights outdoors
Here, I started with the ribs, trimming them and cutting into serving size portions. Next, I coated the portions with my favorite spice rub for pork and let them marinate for about an hour. Afterwards I cooked the ribs for 10 minutes on the steamer rack of the pressure cooker. Once they were ready for the grill, they were technically "done", though quite unappealing looking. Finishing on the grill made them perfect.
Jeff didn’t look too good. The enthusiasm of the guy who had it all figured out was replaced by a pale face that had been tred upon by life. Real life.
I do indeed have a list and the work is now in motion,as the list gets shorter you feel that your efforts have been put to good use and you feel better about yourself.
You maybe asking yourself, why I use transition songs such as, "Shout", "Sugar, Sugar", "All Star" and "Iko, Iko" to name some of the pop rock songs I use. Its because I enjoy the transition, the students enjoy the transition and the introduction of music that is something other than child-like is expanding to them. I have found their response time is quicker, they often recognize the tune because they may hear it on the radio with their families and it makes all of us happy because we dance as we transition ( the music just makes you want to dance.) I judiciously pick oldies and newer pop songs that have an upbeat and words.
This has been a record-breaking season for Madrid. They have lost twice all season – against Barcelona and Levante – and, if they win their final two games, they will reach 100 points, overhauling Barcelona’s record of 99. They had already surpassed the previous La Liga record of 107 goals and now have 115, 44 of them scored by Ronaldo. He trails Lionel Messi in the race for the Golden Boot, after the Argentinian scored a hat-trick against Málaga which took him to 46 league goals and 68 in all competitions, breaking Gerd Müller’s European record set in 1972-73.
The past emerged into the present, science merged into history and politics, and a larger picture took shape. Whether this big picture has any truth to it or is simply the result of a mind seeking patterns where none exist, doesn’t really matter, at least not to me, not any more. I never had an emotional stake in the resolution of the mysteries. I simply wanted to know the truth.
In the PSYCHO-BILLY CADILLAC Come on
I placed my head at the feet of the goddess and wept.
I was hoping Branaugh would push against the confines of Marvel expectations, providing dramatic flourishes, colophons and curlicues, touches of Tom O’Bedlam, Bottom or even King Lear. Something to let us know that a human being directed this movie! That there’s an intelligence, somewhere in the machine. Nolan and Raimi figured out how to do it, as did Favreau, Donner, and Burton, too. Branaugh, with his absurdly high brow resume, should have figured it out. But he didn’t. He doesn’t seem lost, exactly, but more absent. He’s been scrubbed by the abrasive scouring pads of big money.
Some of my more high profile campaigns have involved dog fouling, the cleaning up of children’s play areas and road safety, in particular around schools. I was also on the Alcohol Strategy group, formed to work with the Police and NHS to combat underage drinking.
They gathered in front of my locker and blocked me from getting my books. I ate lunch alone, under the stairs. It’s a total cliche. But it was my reality.
It's becoming increasingly clear to me that the fashion world runs on pretty much the same uninspired principle.
Plant green beans in well drained soil and full sun after the soil has warmed up in the spring. They can be planted in rows or squares, but should be space 3-4 inches apart and one inch deep. Maintain even moisture and watch for pests like beetles or slugs. (I have observed that the slugs in my garden have a liking for my purple green beans and are not willing to share if given the chance to populate.) Harvest green beans when they are firm and crisp. Be sure to hold onto the plant at the top of the bean when removing in order to prevent ripping off whole branches accidentally.
No weapon or injuries were reported in the report.
Lest you think these people are crazy as a loon, (which they are), here’s the official explanation from the Regime:
She spoke to five people.
From Ben:
19, boulevarde Victor Hugo
There, you should know what I mean now.
1 1/2 cup sesame oil
to the far outposts of Florida hoping
The sun is not really my thing so I ensured my bit was in the shade. Then, when all had departed, I laid down in the shade of the bench and listened to the radio, as the late sun warmed me.
They have used the military and police force to prevent freedom of the press.
Amaya. loveeee it.
2-3 tablespoons massage oil (such as sunflower, jojoba, olive or apricot kernel oil)
1. Reblog the crap out of this post so we get the message amplified.
Although she is a vegan she heard that the eggs from one of the farms were wonderful so she bought me some.
When people hear the word “introvert,” it may conjure up the image of a shy and meek kid in school, who wants to be outgoing and sociable, and just has to get over her fears.
Yes, I agree union workers do get paid nicely for very little work (the majority of the time).
There seem to be many Geisha-like women existing in our country today. Most have been swept up into right-wing conservative or fundamental religions that preach antiquated doctrine which states the man is always ruler over a woman. And a “woman of God” is a subservient one.
It's J.A. Konrath's greatest heroine versus Blake Crouch's greatest villain in Stirred, the stunning conclusion to both Konrath's Lt. Jacqueline "Jack" Daniels thriller series and Crouch's Andrew Z. Thomas series.
The possibilitie are endless, although I think there are endless uses of ifttt.com within the educational setting, i do think the biggest pull for teachers will be the organisational aspect of this site, the ability to post notes, clippings etc to areas in which you save items to read later will be invaluable to a busy teacher like myself who plans to catch up on the 40+ instapaper screen dumps he has saved today alone!
Don't forget that to celebrate Australia Day, we are also having a blog hop with great prizes, all details can be found HERE! And there is still time for you to go shopping and enjoy 20% off everything!
One of Abigail’s recently developed hobbies this week is to wear our shoes. She even climbed her stool to get on the piano wearing my shoes! I so want to lead her in the right direction! I want to lead her in every way closer to God, and not to involuntarily teach what may cause my precious girl to stumble. As she steps in my footsteps, I want her to be stepping heavenward.
She’s also the first lesbian cop there.
She slowly calms down and they eat. Another quiet evening passes.
"Tell me, Madame Imelda, who is the most important female in my future girlfriend/fiancee/wife's life?"
Short Film (Documentary): Saving Face
*Mormon theology and doctrine appears largely taken from other and older beliefs, and again is a another form of humanist religion, as we can see with the Freemasonry ideas.
My New book An Emerging Spirituality is out now on the kindle for just .99 cents and 10.00 for a paperback.
10. Harrower says that when you write a feature story, your style can and should be different than your news story style. List at least three style choices he says can be different in a feature story.
Luke 9:57-60
Last night I was wearing my favorite earrings, (bottom left). I love these earrings because they're super light, super comfortable, and everyone comments on how nice they are. I love them. Correction; loved. *sad face* I woke up this morning to discover that my puppy had gotten one of them off the coffee table and chewed it to bits. He's still in the "dog house", as it were.
Forgetting the academic side for a moment, the media, particularly television and movies, also has a big part to play in teaching your kids social skills. You may have noticed your child quoting Star Wars in answer to a question. The quote was probably in context and used at least half-jokingly. It's sill a perfect example of how your child is bringing their social learning from the media into everyday life.
"time alone
While I’m here saying more stuff about this Plantinga paper, I’d also like to note not only how he slips from talking about believing in God for reasons into talking about believing in God simpliciter, but also how he conflates theism in general with his particular Christian theism.
Plane Ticket
A love as strong as my own,
The cold Welsh sea before 7am though? No! Even though 'wild' swimming is to immerse oneself in the outside entirely, there are limits.
I'll be washing the diapers in one of our sinks (we have a double sink in our master bath - one we don't really use) most likely with dawn, and hanging them to dry on our drying rack that I use for our diapers anyways. I'm hoping to sneak them outside in the morning for a few, but my neighbors suck.
The hallucinator….
All in all a very interesting beer. And very good. Seems to be a bit more of a stout than a porter though.
In short, the vast majority of Ukrainians do not trust Yanukovych or Tymoshenko and would rather have no government at all than either of those two. Unfortunately they are the two people who have the only two parties big enough to form a government. It is therefore absolutely no surprise that none can even pass the 20% popularity threshold.
LAG: I loved the premise of THE THREE COLONELS – Jane Austen’s Fighting Men. What inspired you to write about Jane Austen’s fighting men and the battle of Waterloo?
But for my friends who've been here longer, the good-Samaritan-high has lost its appeal. They're tired of being bothered and just want to go about their business without someone saying, "Aahhh Eh-scu-zay-mwah, par-lay Ahn-glay?" and I can kind of understand their point of view.
And again I laughed and laughed and laughed.
Here's a pretty card I created featuring one of my favorite flowers, the pansy! My pansy background paper was made by my daughter, Lee, who is a computer graphics artist. She took images from vintage postcards and arranged them for me, and I just printed it out. I just love the paper! Wait until you see the rose background paper she did as well!!
Change the view to fit you,
The 11th Earl of Sandwich allegely squirmed a little when his son the viscount contaminated the famous hereditary hunting and shooting line of sandwiches by marrying an American Vegan!
An overworked, elderly fan pulsated above my head, murmuring tones of disappointment and sorrow. It had seen too much too dark, in its time. Too much altogether. It knew my fate, but there was nothing it could do. It knew that no amount of after-sun would spare my blistered entirety.
Country Grunge Effect:
It's a well-researched book with plenty to offer tea enthusiasts from several angles, from history to travelogue. "By the time the Chinese realized that Fortune had stolen an inestimable treasure from them," she concludes, "it was many years too late to remediate their loss. His theft helped spread tea to a wider world at lower prices. He democratized a luxury, and the world has been enjoying it ever since."
Winners of our top three to be announced Tuesday
Namaste to India, I’ll miss you–until we meet again!
Some say that Heaven is just a projection of the mind’s desire to escape self-responsibility for this world through casting that self-responsibility towards something outside of self which is greater, wiser and stronger than a mere human being. This also implies great fear in the hearts of men. Has anyone ever wondered why God would need to distance Himself away from His most monumental creation called Man to disappear into the void beyond Man’s reach?
Onto fun summer reading & tv-watching!
This is Economic Slavery.
Writing wise, I’m in the process of working on my last story for the Fiction Workshop I am taking this semester so I might possibly post a draft of that. The other major piece of writing taking up my time is a huge research/thesis project that is due at the end of the semester. I might post an excerpt from it, just so you can see how utterly painful it is for a creative writer to write.
18:23 UPDATE
And besides…
- To know i'm not alone
Fill the tartlets with one teaspoon of nutella, add a slice or two of banana and sprinkle with the chopped nuts.
Another win, I was pleased to see my blog posts from my Social Networks Blog appear at the top of page two. Although I don’t sign the posts or anything like that, I have started tagging myself along with other topics such as social media trends, content management, Google Plus, and so on.
I read something the other day that compared a spanking to sex. More specifically it was on how tears to spanking was much the same as orgasm to sex. It was well written but I will just sum it up by saying they are seemingly closely related because in both cases your partner lovingly brings you to a certain release.
Ancient events can cause
The Bialystoker building (228 East Broadway), which opened in 1931, is a relic in comparison to its immediate neighbors, a parking garage (which notably collapsed in 1999) and a banal 1960s medical building known for a chipping mural on its side and to HBO subscribers as 'the New Zealand consulate' on the TV series 'Flight of the Conchords'. (Full confession: I lived across the street for both the collapse and the filming, so I find the block particularly endearing.)
In reality, the most challenging part of restoring this parasol was that it was missing the cap that parasols often (but not always) have at the top of the finial. I sacrificed a slightly expensive (but real metal) pen to make this final cap. I'd like to find a better solution, but for now, this will do.
2nd level is the grass and garden.
Yehia Mohamed, a former army officer, said, “America meddled in Egypt’s judicial system by allowing the release of the accused Americans. The ambassador is helping Israel destroy Egypt.”The often heard interpretation of everything that has happened in the past year as being part of a cunning US and Israeli plot. Though these quotes leave out both Iran and the Freemasons, who are sometimes also invoked. (I know: why would the US and Israel scheme to bring the Muslim Brotherhood to power? Ah, but if it makes no sense at all, that proves just how insidious a plot it really is.)
They had adaptive equipment and peer aides helping some of the kids, and there were kids of all abilities.
I would like a little advice from you guys though… One of the questions on the art form asks if there is anything I specifically DON’T want on my cover. This is a YA fantasy (an epic fantasy) and I am toying with the idea of saying I don’t want any of the characters on the cover, or at least any of their faces. What do you think? Do you like to have a character depicted on the cover of the book you’re reading? Or would you rather have it left to your imagination?
Pinky Brain: Are you pondering what I’m pondering?
AK: For me, style means, above all, the shape and sound of a sentence and the particular pleasures of living between two languages. I’m not much different from other French professors when it comes to liking — or at least liking to analyze! — all kinds of French style, whether it’s through clothes or movies or food.
Lastly, I want to thank my very very very best friend in all the whole world, my hero, the human that I could not have made it thru this without, my wife Betty. Honey, you truly are a blessing from God. I thank him for you and for your love, for holding my hand and helping me get thru this part of my life. I love you, and I truly am a better person just by knowing you. I love you with all of my heart.
In this case it is understood, seen, known, as all encompassing Presence, experienced as Light, beyond light, clear Brilliance beyond any conceivable light or brilliance, which is every’where’ and fills and suffices all because simply it is All-That-Is, there is nothing that It is not. It is understood and experienced as Presence because it is the ultimate Aliveness of Pure Being, and the ultimate Awareness of pure Consciousness and
The other department, your “hidden factory”, works the same hours as your regular team, but their efforts are burned up in rework, repeat calls from the same customer on the same issue, rejected documents and refused quality. These team members work in the dark underside of your customer service department.
Whiskers got stuck up a tree involving late night dramatic rescue.
Solid piney bitterness that lingers and fades to grassy, then to a solid malty grainy bitterness.
¼ cup granulated sugar
The pair began a sexual relationship that reportedly went on for several months before the boy’s legal guardians found out.
The perception of the ideal man is different in both American and Latino societies.
Next week will either be the crazy surf and turf I referenced previously or something else. I pickup a cooler full of cow organs this weekend courtesy of Uncle Billy, so, you’ve got that going for you.
Children . . . right. Well, that's been covered, hasn't it? Adoption and surrogacy are currently out of equation for us, but maybe at some point. Trying for another pregnancy is not going well and there is a point at which we have to ask ourselves - given the high risk nature of things - how worthwhile it is to pursue this avenue.
I did, however, have some disagreements with the way the author managed to end the book. Thirty pages left and she managed to throw some unnecessary stuff in that bungled the complete happiness I would've felt otherwise.
Truth is what I yearn to share
Combining last Wednesday's sketch, Thursday's Ways to Use it (something a boy would play with) and two from Thursday - the Free4all to use a fan fold and The Queen for today - Neva.
He says, "We need to eat I am making something."
Thanks again
Here's the hard part:
For my final layer of contrast, I added RV66 to the pinks, and a hint of Opaque white to the highlights on the plastic flamingo. I darkened the contrast on the leaves with G46. I also dotted in a few more spots of color into the ground with YG61 and some more E44.
Degrees of (higher) grades from Him, and Forgiveness and Mercy. And Allah is Ever OftForgiving, Most Merciful (V.4:96).
No! Really?
For years I listened to people go on and on about how beneficial my writing about being a care-giver was. All the praise, the sharing, the requests to write more, to collect my writings into a book. The final result has been for Her Final Year to sell a grand total of 32 copies, after years of work and months of flogging the book. What a staggering success.
“I don’t know if that would have had the impact, the same meaning if it wasn’t tied into something visceral. The picture shows the consequences of the statement that the Bible makes.”
2/2/1983 to 6/16/2011
The extensive vodka selection at FireBird—from rare imports to unparalleled housemade infusions—is a backbone of the manor’s destination-worthy status. Unique selections include an array of house-infused vodkas, such as the favorite Honey-Infused Vodka, opaque and golden with a long finish reminiscent of sweet herb and spice. Or sample rare imports like the Kazakhstani “Snow Queen”, or elite, small-batch Beluga Gold from Russia—all served in eye-catching spiral-cut frozen glass flutes.
Its such a great comfort to know, that our little apartment is situated on some faulty tectonic plate connected to a shifting one in Indo and India, those places have something happen to them yearly - and now we are in the firing line! This apartment block is not made of cardboard and wood and is so not collapse-with-minimal-damage friendly.
The cherry on the pile- Chris decided recently that he doesn’t want to do floors anymore, because he has been doing them for the last 4 years. (Also, because, with a dog, there is hair everywhere, and I’d like him to move the furniture to get it all up.) I can’t do floors because of my back; the motion just sends it all out of whack. So if we want a squeaky clean house, Chris has to take that part. And over the years, chores get old!!
1. Sixteen Tons- Tennessee Ernie Ford
3) My husband- He works so hard, goes to school full time and doesn't complain (much) about it. He does it because its necessary. Something my ex never understood. He makes me smile.
It turns out those wild stories are actually really dangerous and messed up stuff that was only going to lead to bad mojo, almost always egged on by THAT friend. I once dated a girl who told me her THAT friend invited her to hang out alone with a roomful of marines on leave. What could possibly go wrong?
Heat olive oil over medium heat until it thins and shimmers (about 6 seconds). Lower each blossom flat into the hot oil, taking care not to crowd them in skillet. Each subsequent blossom will lower the temperature of the oil, so care must be taken to adjust heat level. It must maintain an even, but not violent sizzle. Do not overly heat the oil to speed the process. Burning the blossoms can occur very quickly. Fry on each side for about 5 minutes until golden brown, using long metal tongs to turn them. Remove to fresh paper towels to drain. Scatter with sea salt and ground pepper. Serve immediately.
24And in her was found the blood of prophets, and of saints, and of all that were slain upon the earth.
Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land until the ninth hour. And about the ninth hour Jesus cried out with a loud voice, saying, “Eli, Eli, lema sabachthani?” that is, “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?” And some of the bystanders, hearing it, said, “This man is calling Elijah.” And one of them at once ran and took a sponge, filled it with sour wine, and put it on a reed and gave it to him to drink. But the others said, “Wait, let us see whether Elijah will come to save him.” And Jesus cried out again with a loud voice and yielded up his spirit.
While I was fuming over people and their sometimes poorly chosen words regarding our situation, or, as some of you suggested, elaborately telling everyone to fuck off and leave me the fuck alone in my fucking happiness...
4. Transfer dough to another bowl or cover stand mixer bowl with plastic. Be sure to press the plastic wrap directly on the surface of the dough to seal. Refrigerate for 24 to 36 hours, or up to 72 hours maximum.
Beautiful museum dedicated entirely to the African origins of Brazilian nation. It proposes a trip after the hierarchy of those “orichas”, the born divinities after the encounter of the Christian religion and the animist.
6. Crumble bacon over the sprouts and serve.
If the Packers were victorious,
...and whatever else comes up. We'll have family in town for a couple weeks so we'll be busy with them too.
So when I see a factory destroyed… and see reports of depleted uranium being exploded into vaporized clouds … and then see the news “fall off the map”… that raises my suspicions.
My least favorite stories were (surprisingly) Dorothy Allison's, which wasn't just about one friend, but various friends and lovers, and didn't have the type of focus I was looking for in this anthology, though it had some beautiful writing - Patricia Marx's, which was too short and too vague, too much like an outline of a friendship without the characters and details - and, I'm sort of embarassed to say, but Jennifer Gilmore's "The Kindness of Strangers" was very hard for me to read. It's about Jennifer as a twenty-something who has to have her colon removed, and her rancorous and jealous thoughts. I'm sure the story was therapuetic for Gilmore to write, but after reading about how miserable her life was, I was hoping for some sort of redemption. Even a cheesy epilog would have helped. Because each of these stories has such a sad ending (except for Nuar Alsadir, whose "friend" really needed to get lost), and Gilmore's illness was so grueling, I felt like the anthology needed to end on a somewhat happy note.
For anyone who has little girls and lots of hair, this is a great site to get some new ideas!
Source: The Conservative Voice
Yields a subtle sweet perfume.
snow covered, glistening like diamonds...
The table it is sitting on is also from the same svg set.
Constant Surprises - Little Dragon
Westerners, ever hopeful of finding a “moderate” form of Islam, will hear what they long to hear in his descriptions. And one must presume that Mr. Ramadan is well aware of this fact.
As an old saying goes, “love what you do and it will never feel like work”. I agree, although maybe the saying should include, “…, well, most of the time.”
“Is that so,” he raised an eyebrow. “In that case, I’m game. Are you girls drivin’ over there?”
While college enrollment has increased (and a bachelor’s degree becomes more of a necessity than an advantage) a new book raises concerns about the rigor on college campuses today. Academically Adrift follows 2,300 students at 24 different schools during their four year experience at a college or university. The study shows nearly a third of students had no improvement in their critical thinking skills. Proportionally to that, a little over a third reported to studying less than five hours per week.
This is his look when I say, "Do you wanna.....?" He knows cookie, go for a walk and go to the park so he cocks his head waiting for those words. He sings too. Serge wants to get him to sing, "I wanna ________" but just how can you do that?
Tomorrow, I'll share tidbits from the "chauffeurs" - the women who were waiting to take home their veterans. I loved their stories.
One final thing to point out with these pictures is that perhaps Tevye and Saarah have watched Wallace & Gromit in “A Grand Day Out” too many times, as this is exactly how Wallace draws his rocket. Wallace’s rocket looked more like a rocket, though.
Sometimes the organizations are flexible, since every kid is experiencing this, especially when they've added on these "extra" things that are not the core of the program. However other times there is no tolerance for anything less than 100% participation. In pursuit of receiving national awards, one team my son was on had a "three absences and you're kicked off the team" policy.
REAL-f's unique production technology makes sure that even details like the iris and blood vessels are replicated accurately. REAL-f 3D face replica costs US$3,920 with additional copies US $780 each , while the head replica costs US $5,875 with additional copies US $1,960.
...And we're back to Forever 21 purchases! So you may be looking at this and wondering why anyone would ever feel a strong desire to purchase a swan-patterned top.
Marjory, The Trash Heap is a wise being (referred to as an "oracle"), serves as the garbage dump of the Gorgs. She and her heckling heralds live near the Gorg's garden, and she gives the Fraggles guidance and advice, which the Fraggles regard with reverence, although they do not worship her. She also appears to have some magical abilities (specifically telepathy and the ability toteleport items or Fraggles), although she does not often use them. Sometimes she knits to pass the time. She has an uncle named Maximillian, whom she refers to as "Uncle Max". Jerry Nelson voiced Marjory the Trash Heap.
Day 7!! One week into the challenge!Yippee!! I know we can make it now. It has been so much fun creating and trying new recipes for my family. Princess is picky though. So I have to have some staples around for her. Today she was still home sick. So, I spent my day doing chores, cleaning, laundry, taking care of the plants inside and out, and gardening.
Let’s dissect the paragraph.
"If all the prices of goods have increased but the salary remains the same, is this possible? There are actually more poor people in Sabah now than the last two years."
1. Settings
Now I’m alone here. I wait until I’m ready to disembark, and then I begin walking home. I move hurriedly, because I’m eager to write everything down in my journal. But, I also restrain myself from too much excitement. It’s embarrassing to be so worked up over such a little thing. It’s just that ever since the war ended, and all the bombs dropped, I haven’t seen another living soul. By my reckoning, I’ve lived over a decade now without stumbling across a single human being. As I walk, I wrack my brains for the particulars of the clothing and demeanor which I noticed when I saw the old couple. For years now, my hallucinations having been getting more vivid as I get lonelier. These days, their intensity allows me to cherish every little detail of the things I create.
At one point or another we have all been single on Valentine’s day so instead of making this day uncomfortable for either of us couldn’t we just be more considerate of one another in the future and call a truce?
play a little black jack
The single was released on 12" vinyl and on 2xCDs. Rounding up all the various b-sides and extra tracks:-
Well, firstly on a very practical level it gave me the time to really concentrate on writing. I’d gone from being a student into full time work, so when I was on my maternity leave it was my first real chance to really clear my head and start to pull together my ideas. I also think that when I was working I was very bound up in being a probation officer and the stresses of the job, so maternity leave gave me some distance and perspective. Motherhood is a very strong theme in both The Woman Before Me and The Sacrificial Man and having children myself meant that I cared even more about this very vital relationship. In my work I had seen how devastating it can be to have an abusive or absent mother, and it was natural for me to connect with this theme when I came to explain how Rose and Alice came to be the women they are.
my child, is when I carried you.”
Sometimes the silence
Hope everyone has a great week:)
The Curse of Frankenstein began Hammer Films’ revival of gothic horror films in 1957 because of its popularity with moviegoers. Critics, on the other hand, hated the film because of its excessive violence and deviation from the 1931 Universal original. I have already addressed my thoughts on the differing perspectives of the two series above. If you area Frankenstein purist, you may not like the Hammer Films version. It is definitely more for those who like true horror films rather than an existential look at the human tendency to fear that which is different. I am very much into the latter myself, but cannot dismiss the entertaining virtues of what The Curse of Frankenstein set into motion.
Turns out, they could really care less.
1 wiser
Jeremy Lin: Save your money.
The main problem each faces, both Beckett’s characters and Estell’s, is how to wile away the hours. Thinking is the most obvious, and easiest, choice and much of this is done: wallowing in the past, contemplating the present and considering what the future might hold; I list them in order of ease.
A: Any time a business buys airtime or ad space a salesperson from the company receives commission. When a media buyer buys the airtime or ad space, the media buyer receives the commission. The industry standard is 15%. So whether you buy directly from a media outlet or buy through us there is an inherent 15% commission built into the cost of the advertising buy. It’s a simple decision…would you rather a salesperson (who represents one company with a budget they have to meet) make recommendations on where you spend your ad dollars OR would you rather have an impartial, unbiased media buyer who knows ALL forms of media help you make your advertising decisions?
This has been a topic of discussion in my social circle for a couple of days and then I saw them talking about it on La Las full court life this morning. I didn’t realise it was such a big deal for so many women; and I’ll be honest … I don’t understand why it is.
Have a wonderful day and thanks for leaving me a comment.
1 – Parents are BAFFLED that NOBODY EVER TOLD THEM every single thing that could possibly go wrong in any situation? That’s one reason why we are so litigious: We expect every activity to be perfect every time, and if it’s not, we are so angry we want to blame someone (else). Not fate. Someone.
I’m going to start guessing 100,000 ahead instead of 50,000 ahead.
All that I know is ..... that I feel things more intensely. My family and friends mean more to me than before. The sky, the garden flowers and colours all seem more intense than they did before. My freedom seems more important too and I am making plans to go to the singing group again and take trips to the sea.
It is always a great photo opportunity for politicians or celebrities to go out to the war zone and be snapped with soldiers. It is generally billed as a morale boosting trip.
I didn’t do any PvP or WvWvW (server versus server versus server). So this is all from PvE perspective.
- all complete with stove, sink with tap, oven, cabinet, hanging rack, dish rack etc
Ethan had chosen to pee in the garbage can because, as he put it, "He couldn't make it to the toilet," which happens to be right around the corner...
29. Proletarian Strategy Part 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, argues that the strategy of the statist Left is useless. It relies on what Marx described as “guerilla tactics”, from which it hopes to make incremental gains in its membership, ready for some cataclysmic revolutionary upheaval. It disdains attempts to change property relations through Co-ops in the meantime. No war in history has been won by such tactics.
kind of peaceful & nice.
One of her latest works was “Staring at Marina”, she sitting for more than 600 hours on a chair, at the table and across herself people could take place and look at her. Many of them had different reactions; time was measured during this process.
I have outdoor fever.
With a little judicious editing, Zodiac could have been a much more compelling film. As is, it’s interesting to see a director of such technical proficiency branch out a bit, and Fincher captures good performances from his male-heavy cast, particularly Mark Ruffalo. (Though he doesn’t work with women often, I think two the most sucessful performances in Fincher films have come from Jodie Foster and Sigourney Weaver.) But if the film is supposed to be suspenseful or frightening, it fails on both counts, and it lacks both the tightness of a true procedural drama or the substance of a character ensemble. In short, Zodiac isn’t quite sure what kind of film it’s supposed to be.
I haven't been posting very much lately and do apologize, but life has been challenging. Today however, I was led to this two messages. I actually looked for the first and it was perfect for me to hear today.
Today, I was browsing Amazon on my phone and I found a copy for twenty bucks. I snapped it up in a blind panic.
Susan May Warren is the RITA award-winning author of thirty novels with Tyndale, Barbour, Steeple Hill and Summerside Press. A four-time Christy award finalist, a two-time RITA Finalist, she’s also a multi-winner of the Inspirational Readers Choice award, and the ACFW Carol Award. A seasoned women’s events speaker, she’s a popular writing teacher at conferences around the nation and the author of the beginning writer’s workbook: From the Inside-Out: discover, create and publish the novel in you!. She is also the founder of www.MyBookTherapy.com, a story-crafting service that helps authors discover their voice.
Is Judge Goldstone’s conscience clear now after that op-ed in the Washington Post?
so I thought I would make another one,
-$1 off Pampers Diapers or Pants,(P&G 07/31/11)
This morning was a perfect example. I was thinking of all the “what ifs” and “why me” when I opened my daily devotional from Proverbs 31 Ministries. Immediately, this jumped off the screen at me.
"I guess I'm the black sheep," he says, "the anti-architect."
We got to the hospital at 6:30 AM...I am NOT a morning person. Romy on the other hand was in a delightful mood even though she was STARVING...we had to bring her current meds, and she looked like she was self medicating for her impending doom...don't worry...the lid was ON... ;)
Just came back to London yesterday and discovered that the weather is not as it was expected. While I spent some semi-sunny times in Zürs/Lech and Salzburg (more sunny times over there), I thought that at least my city would be in some spring-mood. But no. Gatwick Airport welcomed me with heavy rain and luggage that gained approximately another 20 kg after I sent it off, which let me change my clothes the moment I entered my four walls (as I once said - leaving the tube & feeling as I just left the rain forest behind).
to make them extra sweet with 0 Calories. Picture #2: 1 small or
Creative Imaginations. I used cardstock, rubberstamp for Happy dad's day, flowers, pearls and gems.
Drew and Asher had a lot of fun while I was gone, of course. I received quite a few pictures of boys getting dirty outside, then getting sticky from jelly donuts. A good weekend was had by all. :-)
The tag was just an ordinary white luggage label I'd bought from Tesco so I'm not sure that the card quality was ideal but I'm happy with my first time results. Three different colours of ink were used to colour the tag, which I can't remember the names of, before using Black Stazon ink to stamp the Inkadinkado Lady across the middle. To add some sparkle I sprayed it with Turquoise Blue Glimmer Mist. I'd liked how the colours had worked and when I got home decided to finish off the tag. On the top right and bottom left corners the Hero Arts Stamp Style is Eternal was stamped to continue the script from the Inkadinkado stamp plus I felt it complimented the image. In the other corners I decided to add some pattern as a contrast and sponged ink through a cardboard mask I'd made using a paper punch to make spots. I now feel this is a step I could have missed out.
Today's new challenge at Really Reasonable Ribbon is Black and White with one accent color -- I love the look of B/W with just about any other one color! I chose Aqua Mist as my third hue.
And for anyone reading who thinks this all sounds wonderful but…. yes there are low spots too – times when its really hard to keep going but writing reviews like this, working with others and having the opportunity to create are just fantastic. So if you are considering something like this, I would say do some homework and go for it!
The U.S. could comply with the WTO ruling numerous ways. It could ignore a ruling by the organization which many believe is interference in U.S. public health efforts to reduce teen smoking. If the U.S. ignores the ruling, Indonesia could retaliate on U.S. exports for the amount it lost in trade. The U.S. could offer Indonesia new trade concessions without changing the current tobacco law. Or the U.S. could include menthol cigarettes in its ban of flavored tobacco products, which would resolve the ruling.
The Nasr-1 has a range of 19 miles. The C-802 has a range of 75 miles. That means that the C-802 has about the same range as a Harpoon SSM. Not good. I am not worried about the Nasr-1, but the C-802 is a problem. These weapons could be used by terrorists to attack allied naval vessels. In fact, the New York Times reported that Hezbollah, a terrorist group linked to Iran,used the C-802 missile to sink an Israeli Saar 5 corvette back in 2006.
I was really saddened to hear the news today that the British Academy of Film and Television Arts have decided against honouring Jeremy Brett with a posthumous award. This is despite a vigorous campaign by the BAFTA4JB team who organised a petition and worked so hard to raise awareness in support of this much loved actor, who for many will always be the definitive screen Holmes – including me.
“I can’t remember much after I got to the Court, but I know I was in no fit shape to handle a Sherim.” She pushed herself to her feet and put a hand on his shoulder, “Besides, I think I know where we are.”
I used the following for this card:
Our other D.E. was MIA, this man is a Social Worker that works directly with the state and gives his recommendations, he has respected what we have tried to do for Papillion, and we were anxious for him to show up…and apparently he too missed the memo and thought court was a good 24 hours from now. He showed up in sandals, and shorts. This. Was. Going. To. Be. Awesome.
Feel free to follow, or not.
I wish I could take credit for this incredible dragon design but the inspiration for this one comes from none other then the cupcake whisperer, Karen Tack. This cupcake design, which I tried my very best to replicate, comes from her latest book, Cupcakes, Cookies & Pie, Oh My!, due out January 31st. I was very fortunate and excited to receive an advanced copy. More about her new book coming soon!
The show won 10 Emmy Awards and had 68 Emmy Award nominations during its 9 years on the air.
(Parts two and three of this post are forthcoming.)
Besides me the team is made up of the following talented ladies.
It has been a tiring day for all.
Here's a close up. I used the smallest flower in the Fruit and Flowers set to layer up the flower and I love the different shades of purple you can get just by stamping more than once without re-inking.
“I do not make deals with lizards,” the princess sneered.
If you are going to be all that God’s called you to be, you have to learn to stay above strife. Instead of letting disagreements pull your relationships apart, look for common ground to draw you closer to the people in your life. Look for peace. Look for ways to be a blessing. Stay above strife so you can enjoy your relationships and experience the blessing He has for you!
“From Harvest to Envair and even Wijaya, these deals seen together can give a wrong impression. Even if they are sheer coincidence, it can look suspicious. To some seasoned investors, it is the classic crowd trying to rush for a narrow exit all at the same time and this is why they catch the market’s attention,” the research analyst said.
1) Begin as friends within a group of likeminded individuals who share your same philosophical boundaries. By observing how well this person interacts with others and giving this potential partner a chance to do the same, you can understand exactly how sincere your targeted platonic crush is about forming a nonsexual relationship.
God just wills things- like naming an outcome- and then things can happen by themselves, right?
paper: Georgia Pacific white cardstock, Pink Pirouette by SU
Wow. How short your memory is. And how big of a pox you have left on this country. Do you realize that you got rightly butt-whipped in 2008? So don't confusing the current animosity towards Democrats as an acceptance of your agenda. Quite frankly, you're way more lost than the two entities above. You seem to have no road map out of the mess you have largely created, other than "Democrats suck." You rail against big government, but can't show how the lack of government is going to help people who you seem to be hell-bent on leaving in the lurch. Government won't solve all our ills, but get a grip: lack of government won't solve them either.
I can’t say that I fully understand the dynamic for not using a lawyer. I’ve had cases where I sense the husband doesn’t want to bring in yet another outsider to his intimate family circle which has already been disrupted and invaded by outsiders. In others, there was a kind of arrogance “I don’t need any help dealing with this, I can do this myself.” In others, I felt that it was a way of getting back at the wife, an underlying message that in not hiring a lawyer he is expressing a desire not to cooperate with the process, or to dictate that the process runs according to his rules, not hers. Sort of like a male version of this:
Never part of the solution.
It is definitely time for a cup of tea (or coffee)... I'm posting late this week, because our town had flash flood rains on Sunday.... we had the rain filling our kitchen! Thankfully we had only a clean up job, with no real damage...
Molten Cookie Pie - June 3
For this outfit I made the shoes to main point. It's a suede heel from Madewell that you can wear for different occasions. The dress is subtle; it's not too revealing but it also hugs you in the right places. The heart prints make the dress a little more sweeter and fun too. Add a blazer or a shawl above the dress, a few pieces of gold jewelry and you're good to go for the night.
take to the night, blue, black, and gray
and many others…
So I’m taking tomorrow and the weekend offline and I’m giddy as hell about it. Have a glorious weekend and don’t be jelly. My life is rarely this carefree.
- The lyrics criticize the Internet culture.
Writer Beware often gets questions from writers in one country about agents in another. Mostly we hear from US writers who want to know about British agents, but we also hear from UK writers who are interested in querying American agents, and occasionally from Australian writers looking for agents in the US or the UK. Sometimes these writers feel they've exhausted agent possibilities in their own countries, and are looking for fresh options overseas. Sometimes they think that as long as the agent is interested in their market or genre, one agent is as good as another, no matter where in the world the agent is located.
Welcoming Lucy to the World:
We still don’t really understand the appeal. The stuff is a bit like my father-in-law’s “Christmas bread”, which the entire family has been boycotting for years. Our opinion doesn’t matter, though– the supply keeps growing. Instead of a little end-display by the registers, or a little space in the cookie aisle, they seem to be taking over the whole store. They occupy the entire top shelves in the cookie aisle, the tea aisle, and the yogurt aisle.
This is the last card in a three-card AL run so let's get Norm and Larry together:
On the novel front, my revisions are slowly coming along. I hope to have the first round done by the end of March. I can't believe how much I'm deleting and rewriting. I'm sure it's only my imagination, but revisions physically hurt!
We need to discuss these facts at every opportunity. We need to explode the misconception that Israel is an outpost of western colonialism and tell the truth of how Jews are indigenous to the region and have suffered since the rise of Arab nationalism and Islamism.
14. In recent weeks we have come into possession of the books and records of the late President Soekarno, and all the codes and ledgers of the Global Accounts. The size of these accounts can be seen by reviewing the Collective Agreement between the Garuda Memorial Hilton Indonesia and the Green Memorial Hilton Geneva, established, structured and made operational between 1961 and final signature in 1972. Under this Agreement the assets of the international collateral combined were established and brought forward, then, within a short period of time misused to change the operating systems of banks.
a handsome and sleek-perfect fit
LAWS OF LIFE IN CHRIST JESUS
I haven't listened to it in a while, I should listen to it again. We listened to it a lot. A lot. That was when you had three or four records and you just played it all the time, because there wasn't the volume of stuff that there is now.
Me: have you had a poo?
Computers that are issued by the GRID Systems Corp.. This, during the 1980's used by NASA and the U.S. army. In 1988 GRIDD Systems Corp.. taken over by Tandy Corporation (RadioShack).
This LP contains their 10" (that they recorded in a few hours only a couple months after getting together) in addition to 3 unreleased studio tracks. In '79 after a line up change, they evolved into the Mature Adults.
From the outside, it looks like a single school, with one main door, one security guard, one principal greeting students.
This past weekend was graduation for our local high school. It made me remember Jessica's graduation four years ago. The night before, she was home because none of her friends were going out (she said it was so they could "rest" but I think it was because no one wanted to risk getting in trouble right before graduation). I was getting things ready for her party and she was following me around, asking to help, because she was so bored. She even played games with Maddy before she just couldn't take it anymore. "I need some excitement, I'm so boooooored!!"
Not such a good example? Well I’ll leave the rest to your imaginations then, but you get the gist. In the game, people mishear what has been whispered and gather different meanings/interpretations from it thus repeating it to the next person who will listen. So you can see how things when whispered around can be misheard and misinterpreted as something else. What we don’t realize is how much farther from the truth things can change. If you’ve heard someone gossip about you and you disliked what you heard then why would you feel the need to gossip about someone else behind their back if you knew how it felt? A lot of people don’t think twice about what they are doing and understand the consequences that could ensue. I’ve heard a lot of lies about myself and most of the time I don’t care but sometimes there are those comments that make you wonder and really do get to you. Best thing is to bury it deep into your mind and throw it away because there’s no point in getting insecure about little minor things. Though I must admit how surprised I was to be the center of gossip which was outrageously untrue and which I absolutely hated. How farther can the truth can people get. Very far apparently. But most of all I am a very boring person in the sense that I like doing interesting things such as rock climbing or travelling, but in general my life is very boring as I don’t do much except work nowadays. So there is no need for useless idle gossip, but as most would say it’s entertaining!
And tears are a language God understands.
These will for fleeting moments in the sky
Group, which we already saw is controlled by two Jesuit coadjutors.
I have come to a continuing realization I am in desperate need of the Holy Spirit, so that He can flow through me removing the excess I add to God, that I add to the message. Its an awareness that I need to live under, an awareness of the amazing grace and privilege our salvation and walk with God is, and how messed up and eternally dammed we would be without it. I prayed when I was on the SORJ ‘Help me scrape the barnacles I put on your cross.’ I feel that again is my prayer. That God would keep cutting me back to the word, the truth, the light of who He is. That we as a body of Christ would be so aware and humble that we would be incredibly malleable in Gods hands. That the motions and systems of life would not harden us into moulds He has not created.
We try and lash out, hide, drink, smoke, watch mindless TV or use any number of distractions and think that we adjusted ourselves to whatever is happening. In that process of adjustment first, we are masking our capacity to understand and pushing it further down.
As we continued on she turned to me and said “I was watching you as you two were stood there and from the way you were standing you looked completely at ease and also completely like a woman.”
Taylor enjoyed learning about the toilet,
The man’s voice boomed just below the din exploding from the Cadillac’s speakers. Benny felt it reverberating through his bones, shaking what courage he had left in life to sunder. He gripped the steering wheel tighter and stared at the one-way street sign pointing straight at him.
1981 – Chariots of Fire
So here are today’s Take-off questions:
One thing we learned a while back was to NOT go to Hollywood Studios on a day they were showing Fantasmic. It's only shown twice a week (usually), so when it is shown, guests flock to the park. We are not huge fans of the show and usually skip it, but many other people love it. A busy park is not really fantastic for us. It means we have to wait longer for our favorite attractions.
For as long as I can remember, I’ve celebrated Easter. As I child, my mother would dress my sister and I up in matching dresses, usually with a matching hat or bow. We would wear our special white gloves and fancy shoes. Even as a child, I knew this day was special. But for me, it was all about the egg hunt.
Rolling Stones-Big Hits (High Tides And Green Grass), Between The Buttons (US), Through The Past, Darkly (US), The Kinks- Kontroversy, Face To Face, Something Else, Village Green Preservation Society, Muswell Hillbillies, The Kink Kronikles, The Who- Sings My Generation, Sell Out, Live At Leeds (original), Who’s Next, Meaty Beaty Big And Bouncy, History Of The Dave Clark 5, The Ultimate Yardbirds, Small Faces (Deram), From The Beginning, Small Faces (Immediate),, Great Move- The Best Of The Move, Movements (box), The Troggs- Archeology, Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons- Anthology, Shangri-Las- Myrmidons Of Melodrama, Here Are The Sonics, Boom, Count V- Psychotic Revelation, The Seeds, Blues Magoos- Psychedelic Lollipop, Electric Comic Book, Basic, Beach Boys-Pet Sounds, Endless Summer, The Velvet Underground and Nico, Pink Floyd-Piper At The Gates Of Dawn, Meddle, 13th Floor Elevators-Psychedelic Sounds, Easter Everywhere, Blossom Toes- We Are Ever So Clean, Love- Forever Changes, The Association- Greatest Hits, The 5th Dimension- Everything on Collector’s Choice, New Colony Six- Best Of, Zombie Heaven, Odessey & Oracle, Mighty Baby, Bobbie Gentry- Anything without Glen Campbell, Tony Joe White- Swamp Music (box), Jefferson Airplane- Surrealistic Pillow, Volunteers, Captain Beefheart- Trout Mask Replica, Lick My Decals Off, Baby, Os Mutantes- Tecnicolor, Os Mutantes, Caetano Veloso- A Little More Blue, Emitt Rhodes, The Best Of Free Design (Cherry Red, though other comps are good, as are the original LPs), Serge Gainsbourg- Comic Strip, Jacques Dutronc- Completement Dutronc, Blue Cheer- Vincebus Eruptum, MC5- Kick Out The Jams, Stooges- Funhouse, Grand Funk Railroad- Live Album, Groundhogs- Split, Blue Oyster Cult- Tyranny & Mutation, Neil Young- Live Rust, Nick Drake- All 3 (or Fruit Tree), Kevin Ayers- Watevershebringswesing, Mellow Candle- Swaddling Songs, The Virgin Prophet, King Crimson- In The Court Of The Crimson King, Jethro Tull- Aqualung, Todd Rundgren- Something/ Anything?, Caravan- In The Land Of Pink And Grey, John Cale- Paris 1919, David Bowie- Hunky Dory, Roxy Music- For Your Pleasure, Focus- Moving Waves, Robert Wyatt- Rock Bottom, Neu!, Amon Duul II- Phallus Dei, Cluster- 71, Faust, Can- Ege Bamyasi, Kraftwerk- The Man Machine, Burning Spear- Marcus Garvey/ Garvey’s Ghost, Culture- Two Sevens Clash, Dread Meets The Punk Rockers Uptown (comp), The Modern Lovers, Ramones, Television- Marquee Moon, Adventure, Pere Ubu- The Modern Dance, Dub Housing, Damned Damned Damned, The Clash (UK), Wire- first 3, Ian Dury- New Boots And Panties, X-Ray Spex- Germ Free Adolescents, Magazine- Real Life, Buzzcocks- Singles Going Steady, Ultravox- Systems Of Romance, The Jam- Setting Sons, Joy Division- Unknown Pleasures, The Undertones, Gang Of Four- Entertainment, Doll By Doll- Remember, Gypsy Blood, Slits- Cut, Peel/BBC Session, Mekons- The Quality Of Mercy…, The Fall- (practically everything),
The winner of the contest wins a $5,000 advance and a publishing contract. Sounds good, but the kicker is that the winner has to sign a standard publishing contract without any negotiations. I have heard such horror stories about the sneaky wording publishers use in those contracts, and how they can tie up your rights indefinitely even though they are no longer trying to sell your book. Is a standard publishing worth all the work it will take to win it? I don’t know.
And what are the “normal blocks” in which Ms. Burden believes?
Remove from the fire.
Australian Brett Graham whose London establishment, The Ledbury, was last year’s Highest New Entry, rose an impressive 20 places to no. 14, taking the Highest Climber award, sponsored by Cacao Barry.
Happy Birthday, Dave Gahan. I’m glad you didn’t die.
* Carrion Crawler/The Dream by Thee Oh Sees . If you caught my rantings about this year's South by Southwest, you know that one of my favorite "discoveries" was this San Franciso band, who I saw on the same bill as The Gories, Kid Congo Powers & The Pink Monkeybirds and The Spits.
elizaapresley: except me (as i have done) follow u on here. i will feel safer if our msgs stay private. ie: i cannot trust others that follow the ones that
Saturday morning I arose early and joined a friend for an early morning walk. I noted that towering conifers still inhabit the hillside, the little white chapel still provides a quiet place to meditate and tulips still fill the planting beds. The quiet was suddenly interrupted, as it has been in prior years, by the “rat-ta-tat-tat, rat-ta-tat-tat,” of a pesky old woodpecker as he tapped away on a metal pole. As we crossed the bridge over the old mill-pond a blue heron swooped down out of the sky, made a cursory glide across the lagoon and disappeared again.
Why has this govt not overturned those controversial environmental laws? (Prakash, look a worthy campaign to take up)
At a Congressional Subcommittee hearing, periodically testy Rep. Dennis Kucinich presses some New York City officials on “gaming” the Yankee Stadium assessment. The officials don't give much ground, but Richard Brodsky thinks he's found a “smoking gun.”
What does WIP mean to you? For most crafters it's the acronym for "Work In Progress". But I came up with a list of WIP terminologies covering the whole crafting process from pre-inception to post-conclusion. Knitting is my craft and yarn my medium, so I'll focus on them, but many of these terms will apply just as well to fabrics, beads, needlepoint, DNA resequencing, polymer clays, counterfeiting. Whatever you're into.
This was published in 'Punch' back in the nineteen sixties, and was written about the time that everyone was getting a bit fed up with pollution, and sterile rivers etc.
David Lodge’s A MAN OF PARTS, about H.G. Wells - disappointingly little about the great SF books, mainly because ‘HG’ wasn’t shagging anything that moved when he wrote them. Crime novels I’ve read recently are Peter May’s THE BLACKHOUSE (over-rated), Christa Faust’s MONEY SHOT (not as revealing about the making of porn movies as I’d hoped ), Tony Black’s TRUTH LIES BLEEDING (good), Megan Abbott’s QUEENPIN (excellent) and Joyce Carol Oates’ ZOMBIE (the last word on serial killers and squirm-inducing, in a good way).
to a reality asylum.
Now for the top of the card, which will be the top of the box, you will need to make it slightly bigger so it will fit over the bottom. To do this, measure the same as for the bottom, but make your 'dot mark' a little closer to the edge. To rephrase that, instead of marking at exactly the 1 inch mark on the ruler, mark the 9/10ths mark. I find that is usually enough.
My last view is of a huge fireball roaring to the sky and screaming humans running in panic, in the distance, other fireballs are rolling upwards. Most probably carrying the incinerated remains of these weak humans.
Before Pathfinder I would have to say it was Mutants and Masterminds. M&M revitalized a genre and brought it to the forefront of creativity and enthusiasm in a way we hadn't seen in some time. It became the "go-to" system for superheroes. If you wanted to run a super-hero campaign the first thing you checked out was M&M.
Three cheers for Arizona!
You’ll need to remove the initial outer layer of the garlic “shell” and then chop off the very top of the head so that the garlic inside is exposed.
Please know that I wish we could include every single story in the book, but the editors at Moody Publishers will be the ones to make final decisions about the essays. However, your story will still be featured on the Pearl Girls website as we roll out the book. Amy will also contact you about getting special permission to post your essay online. In order to make room for one more essay, I've decided to not include my essay, but rather write a forward to the book to share the purpose of the project. I am so grateful and humbled beyond words for your willingness to "tithe your talent" (a phrase coined by fellow Pearl Girl Patricia Crisafulli) in order to help other women and children. Thank you, thank you. God bless you!
1 drinkin'
(or, as I would say, west to east)
When you are ready to cook, place a deep, heavy chefs pan on medium high heat and pour in 1 tbsp of oil.
I’ve been a keen photographer for many years, but until recently I had never had any success in photographing lightning. I also very rarely see lightning storms, so I hadn’t had much opportunity. Recently though, a storm was floating around Lyme Bay that I managed to capture. I thought I might share a few tips with you to help you capture some lightning for yourself.
Ness says on the cover that the book was “inspired by an idea from Siobhan Dowd,” the celebrated author of BOG CHILD and THE LONDON EYE MYSTERY, among others. Dowd had just started this book when she died of breast cancer in 2007. “I felt—and feel—as if I’ve been handed a baton,” Ness wrote in his preface, “like a particularly fine writer has given me her story and said, ‘Go. Run with it. Make trouble.’”
Usui is a high school student of Seika High, and is one of the most popular student ever. He was the first one to learn about Misaki’s “secret job.”
- The FBI’s National Center for Disaster Fraud was tasked to look into possible fraud with organizations soliciting funds for relief
There are certain weight watcher pens that I like. The Le Pen is one and that's really all I can think of now that my heart has hit the caffeine induced targeted rate for the day. But generally I like my pens fatter (and usually full of drippy ink.)
Gibby just called Mrs. Benson…
Three Chinese women traveled to the CNMI in August and September 2010 after allegedly being promised jobs at a new hotel that Lin was opening on Saipan.
According to the Saudi daily newspaper Al-Watan, troubles for the woman, Khamisa Mohammed Sawadi, began last year when a member of the religious police entered her house in the city of Al-Chamli and found her with two unrelated men, “Fahd” and “Hadian.”
1. Choose your waistband wisely. For non-elastic waistbands, look for ones that are wide (let's say an inch or more) and that rest on the hips rather than constricting your natural waist. You can always artificially create a high-waisted look with a wide belt, which I'll discuss later in this series. For elastic waistbands, test the elastic to make sure it's nice and stretchy, and that it still has plenty of give even when you have the skirt on.
Millrose - Men's Pole Vault
“I do not know what’s wrong. And I won’t ask you. But whatever it is, remember one thing that This too shall pass away, kid. And you WILL come out as a winner. Like all other times.” He smiled and patted her back proudly.
Amusing Dad is far more difficult for me than caring for him. He doesn’t read, can’t really walk far, favors watching golf over cooking shows and doesn’t want to learn how to knit. I haven’t lived in my hometown for more than thirty years; I have no idea what to do there anymore. Neither does Dad.
Any questions you have, just put them in the comment section, and I'll answer them in the next post. You can ask about my favorite book, movie, what my book is about, how I got interested in writing, why I'm majoring in theatre, or anything else you can think of! I'm an open book!
In my memory this part is silent, all action. But I'm sure I was not keeping quiet. I'm sure I was yelling or crying or both. That was my thing. Not pushing or hitting or wanting to. My thing was yelling and crying (still is).
Spent lots of time on Beaver Lake! We will be going out until it is just down right too cold!! My friend melisa had a bday recently and we headed out to celebrate!!
Plus trucks obviously must drive faster than cars whenever possible, and then when they can’t, well then they sit right on your bumper towering over you. I could almost feel their eyes burning through the back of my head as they glowered down at me through the roof of my car.
85. Plan family night ones a month.
I guess the part that makes me most bitter about our zoo experience, other than the fact that none of the animals were out and about and every square inch was being renovated, was that we had to pay the initial admission to get in and then an additional fee to do other “fun stuff” within the zoo. Want to ride the “train”? $5! Cha-ching. Want to play in the cool water part of the park? $5! Cha-ching. Basically, the zoo is like the nickel and dime DirecTV packages – you pay for basics, but if you want the truly cool stuff, expect to double your bill!
Be alert NOW in Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas,and Missouri — these cells are either over you currently, or will be very shortly (1030pm CDT 4/30/2012 now).
There have been a lot of big changes over a small amount of time. From seeking God at home, He led our family to a church where we feel we truly belong. The heart of the church reflects our own: to reach others for Christ - to connect. It is a place where individuals matter, where praise is genuine, and where worship flows. It is home. I am so thankful to be there - at last.
3. Add 2 Tablespoons of lychee syrup from can, or add natural sweetener of your choice.
Warwear: Ready to buy yet?
Combine frozen blueberries, sugar and lime juice in a bowl. If using fresh blueberries, add 1/4 cup water, frozen blueberries have lots of water in them.Microwave on high for 5-8 minutes or cook until compote coats spoon, stirring often.Mix the biscuit crumbs and butter. Run it through your blender.Press a few tablespoons of the mixture into 3 large dessert glasses or 6 small ones. You do not need too much of the biscuit mixture in a single glass. You may use a slice of sponge cake instead!Pour some of the passionfruit mixture on top of the biscuit layer. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until set, up to 2 hours.When the mousse has set, pipe cream and add some of the blueberry compote. Put it back in the freezer for 1/2 an hour. When set, pour another layer of passionfruit mixture. This goes back into the freezer until you are ready to serve. Garnish with cream and blueberry compote, just before serving.Frozen dessert on a hot summer’s day!
the immaculate one of enlightenment and hallucinogens, but rather the sharp-cornered rocks lobbed by their peers. For there are none as conservative, as intolerant, as teenagers when it comes to those who are beyond the perimeters of what is in, and the instinct of the herd to mob the one who is different (particularly when that one is weaker) is very strong. What I learned from Brendan’s story is that this instinct remains just as active even when those teenagers have reached what is supposed to be (young) adulthood.
Pineapples don’t have sleeves, an owl said
So, Ted vomits when he's pissed at me. Any time he is in timeout or meltdown mode, he gags himself (no hands, he can do it with just his friggin' epiglottis, I guess) to the point of vomiting bile. Ever have a kid in a hold and you yourself gag on the smell of his bile? Mmm...no wonder Autism is the Cool Diagnosis this year!
I never thought much about military types and when I did, it was not good. My assumption was that they were less intelligent than I was and far more prone to senseless violence. My parent’s moderate social and environmental activism had inadvertently bred in me the idea I was above war-like behavior despite the fact that my father had served in the army himself before going to college.
The bill returned the next session, with a new number, but by that time the politics of the matter had changed significantly due to the publicity surrounding the Kelo case, then pending in the U.S. Supreme Court. In Kelo the city of New London, Connecticut, had exercised eminent domain to seize an ordinary residential family neighborhood in order to turn it over to a private developer, justifying the taking with the claim that the new development would increase economic activity and yield higher tax revenues. When Atlanta right-wing radio host Neil Bortz was alerted to the same thing in the Georgia Senate bill, he went on the warpath against the use of eminent domain for economic development projects of the Kelo variety. Senators were subjected to a firestorm of outraged opponents’ telephone calls, letters, and emails. The Senate’s Republican leaders, all having cosponsored the bill, then ran from it, and quickly signed another bill from a freshman Senator that prohibited the use of eminent domain for economic development projects.
The man ran into the Kredi Bank in the Serbian ski resort Nova Varos wearing a balaclava and brandishing a shotgun and demanded tellers hand over all the cash they had.
Geej: Mommy, can you turn it down.
In no way does this operator permanently affect the value of the variable… it is a unary operator that behaves like other unary operators. Just as the expression -a has no permanent effect on the value of a, neither does the expression (float) a.
Your forefathers were privileged enough to have been invited into our country as guests many years ago, to work and live peacefully side by side of us, the innocent heirs of this Great Nation our homeland. Little did our leaders realise of the blood thirsty Islamic beast that they were allowing into our midst. You their murderous ‘indoctrinated’ Moslem decedents in this generation have decided that now is the time for you to rise up for Islam and reject us your generous hosts, and our civilized Judeo/Christian way of life and embark on a murderous path of war and conquest against us, raising the Islamic banner of Jihad (Holy War) with the ultimate aims and intentions in your warped backward psychotic Moslem minds of destroying our British way of life, taking our country over and enforcing an Islamic way of life - Sharia Law – upon this Nation, its people and our innocent decedents who are sleeping at this moment in time innocently in their beds, unaware of what horror is unfolding around them.
He was held in custody overnight, amongst hostile black prisoners, and it was made very clear to him and other bloggers that the powers that be in South Africa had been taken a strong interest in WSAS and were no longer prepared to permit it to continue revealing the truth to such a wide audience.
“We are looking into the case,” said Michael Dennard, the president of the chapter, after a reporter called more than a year after the crime. He would not say more.
Maybe a half finger head
As reported in a previous blog, the Sainsbury's Great British Beer Hunt is in full swing and it's only right that I should do my bit to participate in the proceedings by making a start on some of the bottles I picked up from their store last week.
It’s easy to lose track of time when you’re crafting and I usually work late in the night so I don’t keep track, just go on till I’m finished. I’d say 6-7 hours but it’s probably more...
At endless bosberaads the suggestion would be made that the press should agree on its collective point of view and the governments on its. Then a deal could be brokered so that everyone could speak with the same voice - a perfect example of the attempted creation of a "historic bloc" which would then generate a single overall hegemony. This came close to happening, for many of the editors were naïve and wishful and everyone agreed that the government "had the moral high ground".
In fact, both types of implants include the use of silicone shells or bags which contain a certain substance. That substance is either a mixture of saline and water (saline implants) or silicone gel (silicone manufacturers implants).
Claim 86 states:
A local radio station, like all local radio stations, sees fit to offer us the latest news in the area whenever it rears its ugly head. Where I live it may as well be the head of a Gorgon, because it seems there’s not a week goes by* where someone hasn’t emptied a gun into his wife or killed a baby with his truck. The latter happened this week, and as ever, Real Radio North East not only posted the story on their website but also linked to it on every social network they can be bothered with, including Facebook.
Nicolás Kanellos
3:9 – Theophylact draws a textual parallel I hadn’t seen before; in Matthew 27:51 the stones of the earth are broken. No doubt the tumultuous events immediately following Jesus’s death had an impact on gentile observers (such as the centurion at Gulgatha), meaning that God very well did raise descendants of Abraham from the stones. At the same time, I don’t want to downplay the immediate meaning of the text, where John is clearly speaking in a more literal sense to render silly the Pharisaic claim to Abrahamic blessing.
-inadequate water intake
My dish was the seared duck breast – which was quite fine, but maybe a little tough. The kaitifi pastry provided an interesting textural feature to the dish, although no flavour – so I’m not sure how someone felt that it was an inspired element. The vegetables were fine – but there was nothing here that lifted the dish from mediocrity.
I'm not so naive to believe that we have a complete freedom of religion in this country. I'll even concede that there is a certain amount of religious speak within the formative documents of our country and that many of our founding fathers were representing some form of religious moral values in creating the laws from the outset and moving forward. However, the founding fathers, regardless of their personal religious perspectives, explicitly wanted to create a separation between church and state, and create a freedom of religion. A freedom of religion means the express right to practice freely whichever religion or lack thereof that one might choose; and separation between church and state being the unequivocal declaration that no specific religion should dictate the positions of our politicians or policies. The specific documents that these ideas were included in are moot, but the fact that the founding fathers had such foresight in creating them is not in dispute.
With the lights being dimmed we knew it was time to head back to the condo and figure out some dinner arrangements before Team Hines had to run back up I-85. We decided to keep things easy and fun so with take out from 5 napkin burgers, we sat around the dining room table and chatted into the early evening about our adventures in the museum. The two days of hanging with Team Hines and visiting some of Midtown’s highlights in the Botanical Gardens and the High Museum were an excellent way to kick off the Spring season, hopefully you and yours will have equally fun adventures in the weeks ahead. As always thanks for stopping by and checking out my meanderings…
You'll see a noticeable difference in behavior, energy, and sleeping too!
What else do you look for when watching for out-of-character behavior?
It is only the definitional thought of black, the attempt to shine light on it, to see it as a thing, that paints black into privative relation to light. It is true that black is what is seen in the absence of light. But black is not that absence. Black is its own presence, not the presence of the absence of light. Black is the opposite of white, not of the light. That black appears in light’s absence, that it exists in the space of light’s negation, has nothing to do with opposition. Light itself is ‘black’, in the sense of having no color. Now we can understand the significance of the double negation openly buried in the expression: the black universe is not a negative light. The formulation beautifully highlights the problem of apogogic truth (absurdity of the absurdity, demonstration via double negation) and the question of tautology to which it is logically tied (double negation, contradiction, law of the excluded middle are forms of tautology, X=X). It addresses the question of double negation as already answered in color. Does black universe’s not being a negative light mean that black is a positive light? Obviously not. Does it mean that it is not a positive light. No. The statement opens black without determination as the space of something obscurely non-negative, a positive unlight, a negative non-dark, a color that is light itself before all shining, an accident that is the very substance of luminous void, even the unglimpsed light of what Eriugena calls “that invisible mystical
Trust is important to a man. A man doesn’t want to make a girl his main woman if she is highly likely to cheat on him, steal from him, lie to him, etc. Most men want a “sweet, good, cool” girl, but he doesn’t want that girl to be extra sweet and flirty with everyone else. If he tells you deep and personal things about himself he doesn’t want to have to worry that everyone will know his secrets. This applies in general across the board (for men and women). Why would you confide in someone and bring them close to you if you didn’t trust them? How do you build trust with a stranger? Show integrity in your actions *remember people are always watching and reading between the lines of what you say and what you do*, communicate your values and sharing of yourself *see creating am emotional connection.
arboretum/botanical garden
Let’s hear it from three people who witnessed the rally:
First the all white:
The Turks had been sighted several days ago, marching from Palestine toward the canal. Among colonial and military circles, everyone was anxious about the offensive's outcome and yet so certain of victory. Aside from echoes of a world at war and the maddening dust, another malaise afflicted the old city. With the British military occupying Egypt, foreigners and infidels in the eyes of the native Egyptians, there was a yearning for independence and mixed feelings about opposing the Ottoman Empire.
Write your truth. Wonderful advice, completely useless. Humankind cannot bear very much reality and I don’t want to deal with the hurt that my truth would bring upon those that I have wronged. Would not be fair to them and, to be honest, I do not want to face the people that I have to face in such a naked manner. They know who I am, they don’t need to know how I became the man that I am.
The White House has taken up an interest in wind energy developments in the Great Lakes regions as of last month. The goal is to plant windmills in the Great Lakes in order to gain wind energy from the lake winds. This could be a pioneering break through for Michigan because electricity would become more economically accessible. Launched in the water last week in the middle of Lake Michigan was a yellow buoy that will be used to measure and collect data from wind at different heights. Although this project has finally taken off, it faced difficulties and still is under the threat of being shut down due to lack of financial resources. $1.3 million that was originally supposed to come from a state grant through the Michigan Public Service Commission was cancelled by a court ruling last year. Despite this devastating draw back on funding, the buoy was launched and built on $1.2 million from the Department of Energy along with $250,00o from a Wisconsin utility. As of currently this buoy is one of two in the North American region and could be at risk of being docked by 2013 because of lack of funding. Grand Valley State University has reached out to the University of Michigan, Michigan State and Michigan Technological universities for aide in collecting research over the Great Lakes. This research includes the studying and tracking of flight patterns for birds and bats so that the turbines aren’t build in areas that put these animals in danger.
Catch the Big Fish
3. Talking about turkeys, once we found one running down the road, kept it, named it Lucky, grew it to an emormous size, then ate it for Christmas (It had to be cut in half to fit in the oven).
Your prompts have given so much pleasure
up the crease of them
Who am I when I'm not with the Archduchess? I'm Sarah. Plain Sarah, who learns to live in a world that's not quite perfect, with all the Good Things and Bad Things that happen, who learns to like who she is, who finds her passions in life. From biology, I discovered marine biology. From marine biology, I discovered invertebrates. I discovered coral reefs. I discovered I could go anywhere in the world.
Reasonable Ribbon Crochet Lace (approx 2 ft)
I have exciting news to share with you today. I have been asked to be the Guest Designer for Word Art Wednesday for the month of May. I love to use Scripture on my cards and was so honored when they asked me to help out this month.
… and so manners is very important in our house. And she wrote a storybook because there were all sorts of how-to books on manners but there was no storybook, teaching manners through, well, how Christ taught us, through stories. And — and that’s what she did. And that book has hopefully somewhat civilized some children around this country.
U2 With or without you IRL
Then we meet Spencer, Carly’s brother who apparently is an artist. He’s taking pictures of a robot-looking thing while hanging from the ceiling. (I just hope that robot follows the Asimov’s Laws of Robotics).
Wyrobek AJ, Schrader SM, Perreault SD, Fenster L, Huszar G, Katz DF, et al. Assessment of reproductive disorders and birth defects in communities near hazardous chemical sites. III. Guidelines for field studies of male reproductive disorders. Reprod Toxicol 1997; 11: 243-259.
But don’t be deluded in thinking that money is abundance. It all begins within. Why do you think people like Donald trump who was millions in debt in the 90’s, turned it around to become the billionaire he is now?
So to round this out, we've been busy doing a bunch of little things around the house to get it ready to show. Our list wasn't too long, but things never go quite as planned! We took down all the chandeliers in the house and replaced them with fixtures I'd be willing to leave behind. We also did a bunch of paint touch ups and I've gone through so many Magic Erasers cleaning the cabinets and all those pesky scuff marks that inevitably happen. And if we weren't the ones doing to fixing up (there's no way I'm climbing up to clean our 3rd story windows!), we were meeting people at the house to do so. But thankfully, that part of it is done. Now we just have to remember to make the bed everyday in case we have a showing!
Ostracizing Islamist groups who, despite their embrace throughout the Obama administration as "allies" in the war against terrorism, is necessary to stop the perpetuation of hate against the United States. No matter what the Obama administration claims about its achievements in defeating terrorism, it is actually enabling of Islamic terrorism by embracing radical Islamist groups who issue the same hateful narrative against the United States that Secretary Clinton has decried overseas as "painful."
I tend to notice things that are odd or out of place, sometimes it’ll smack me right on the face, sometimes (quite rarely) I will get dreams about certain thing – it’s hard to explain, it’s just a feeling that I trust and it’ll point me to a certain direction.
The field lilies are actually taking off early this year also. I have Asiatic lilies in there and they usually are bigger, taller than the field lilies when they bloom. This is a view off my west side of the patio for those newbies who don't know my backyard.
Here are another three tips for how to pilot your life (personal or business):
Like any other normal teenager, I just wanted to belong. Okay, yeah, at first it was frustrating that the rest of the class would take hours to understand what I’d figured out in three seconds, but that was easily dealt with: I just ignored school altogether. My real education happened in my spare time anyway; school was just somewhere I had to be, with people who I desperately wanted to like me.
Let’s get to the issue of transparency, because voters out there, they want to know as much about you four gentlemen as possible before they vote.
It smelled like beer and tomato juice and dog pee. It was a really gross combo of smells.
Wimpole's Folly sits on the grounds of Wimpole Hall in Cambridgeshire, England. Built in the 1770's, it was specifically designed to look like a Medieval castle ruin. The four-story Gothic tower overlooks the ruins which spread for more than 200 feet. The property is maintained by The National Trust.
He disagreed.
Give a method to reduce the noise.
Personally, I think this is a fantastic addition and I hope other local festivals will follow suit and develop mobile websites/apps with their beer list information. I personally am not a fan of carrying around a sheet or booklet at festivals. And since I will probably have my phone out most of the time anyway (Untappd, anyone?), it's especially convenient to be able to access the brewery/beer list that way.
Obviously, if you had been discussing classical philosophy somewhere else you would expect someone to point out that it was in fact Heraclitus who first made the remark about foreign cheeses and sell-by dates you erroneously accredited to Pythagoras, without the slightest embarrassment and you could have laughed it off, made an apology and moved on. But supermarket checkout queues are not that forgiving, remember the armed siege that broke out in Littlehampton Safeway back in the 1980s when someone with nine items attempted to enter the 6 items or less (sic) queue?
Every day when Lucien gets off the bus, I ask, "Hey, buddy, still got your badge?" Many times I've received the reply, "Nope, I lost that thing in like five minutes."
21 Moondog (Louis Hardin) - This Student of Life
* 1 1/2 cup water
What's interesting is that now that I'm back on the west coast, closer to my family and old friends, I don't feel as though I'm actually any closer. I certainly see my old friends more, but I don't see my friends back in NY at all. And I have only seen my family a couple of times in the few months since I've been back, which really isn't all that much different from when I lived on the other coast.
But that’s no reason to take it easy!! Krampus is out there. It’s not as easy as it was when we were kids, when the worst thing that could happen if you were bad was some coal. This guy doesn’t play around. While I think we’re mostly out of the woods this year, with St. Nicholas Day come and gone, but Krampus is crafty, so I for one am playing it safe and keeping watch until New Year’s. Apparently Krampus is a fan of schnapps, which is the best way to distract him. Other than that, I’d say avoid traveling through wooded areas alone, and using the phrase “long hair, don’t care” in any context. (I don’t think Krampus has a problem with that last one, but it sure bugs the hell out of me.)
Is your child wants to dress up like you? They have uniforms for baby and kids who wants to dress up like mommy or daddy or just play pretend:)) They come in ceil blue.
Freddie wrote “Love of My Life’ for Mary, and in an interview once said:
Nxumalo, of the Alexandra Road police barracks in Pietermaritzburg, allegedly shot out the tyre of a Mazda on the N3 near Camperdown last Saturday.
I don't have anything else to blog about
The Acting is Phenomenal, in fact Russell Crowe walked away with the Best Actor in a Leading Role… But Al Pachino is also Magnificent.
Pooja explained to Sunny her character in detail recently and told her what was expected out of her. According to sources, Sunny is quite excited about her Bollywood debut and has no inhibitions of shedding her clothes for the camera.
Commonly referred to as SMBX, this is an engine designed to create Mario World fan-games. This engine is somewhat buggy and chances are those bugs won't be fixed, but that is not any reason to drop SMBX all together. It is still a great engine.
Welcome to the Watcher’s Council, a blogging group consisting of some of the most incisive blogs in the ‘sphere and the longest running group of its kind in existence. Every week, the members nominate two posts each, one written by themselves and one written by someone from outside the group for consideration by the whole Council. Then we vote on the best two posts, with the results appearing on Friday.
2) Printed on My Heart (1758) by Laurie Alice Eakes
The doctor, Ed says, claimed he didn’t know anything about Nadya’s family situation. “After that, I thought, ‘That’s it. Over.’”
Secondly, in my last post, I mentioned that I was doing an assignment that might interest you guys: a few paragraphs of descriptive writing about Japan. The assignment for my creative writing class was to devote a paragraph each to three different places you had been- just open up and write every detail you can remember about them, no matter how long-winded it becomes (kiss of death for me, if you know my writing style!) A few people expressed interest, so I figured, since it's kiiiiinda relevant (is there really anyone here who isn't a Japonophile?), I may as well tack it on to this housekeeping post!
In order to promote this dress across the SL, we will be advertising it in some of the best SL magazines. For this purpose, we are organizing a contest and the winner will be a model wearing the dress with her name on the ad.
Enoch walked with God . . . —Genesis 5:24
Ours was very inexpensive, but cost can be prohibitive because some tufted ottomans can be over a $1000. Wow. Luckily, there are a ton of fabulous tutorials for DIY tufted ottomans. I think next time I might try making my own, so I rounded up my favorite projects:
Accessories: Houndstooth embossing folder, Sizzix Big Shot die cut machine,Nestability dies, Real Red satin ribbon, white flocking powder, dimensionals, liquid glue, snowflake edge punch
It wouldn’t be too hard to envisage creating a Spring Integration Channel or Endpoint implementation, for example, based around the Continuation instances.
The M.T.A. is having math problems, you know the kind where things don't add up. If they have their way, thousands of school kids will be in the same position.
Any parent knows that to be true, so it’s hardly going to come as a revelation when I say that worrying about your kids — really, substantially worrying — makes it difficult to concentrate on much else. I’m not the first person to sit at a desk in a total fog, experiencing the embarrassment and frustration of diminishing mental acuity while every neuron in my brain screams at me that I’m a Mommy, Damn It, and I Need To Go Be Doing Mommy Things.
This weekend, when local and international journalists arrived at the scene of the massacre 15 km from Umtali and less than 7 km from the Mozambique border, the mutilated and blood-stained bodies of three men, four women and five children - including a three-week-old baby - were lying as they had been found that morning.
Drunk girls
My biggest issue with this book is that Rory never got a swift kick in the balls. Emotionally or physically. He got off the hook too easily. All was forgiven without too much hassle. Almost like his mere presence was enough to soothe his past wrongs. As a reader it wasn’t enough for me. Apparently I’ve got more chutzpah than our beloved Erin O’Brien.
When a protagonist captures the audience’s imagination – particularly in a TV show, where you have so many hours to fill – there’s always a temptation to keep giving the viewers more and more of what they want. Let’s squeeze in ways to talk about the character’s childhood, let’s introduce their family, let’s bring back their ex-girlfriend, explore every possible detail and angle of their life to date.
Uplifting . . .
The physics are floaty, reminiscent of LittleBigPlanet. You and objects tend to stay in the air for a few moments. Objects and platforms have weight and will tip over an edge. The physics are the basis of some puzzles.
And I love that Mr. CFP received a meaningful quilt wall hanging, made by his mom.
For a so called holistic business!
I model manage:
The seller mentions the part is from 2004, 2003-2004 was the era when teams were switching from vaned fabricated uprights towards the more slender Ti designs with airflow passing around them. Additionally at the time carbon fibre was increasing being adopted as a gearbox material, with the heat and point loads that a gearbox has to accept being similar to that of an upright.
Footnote 2. By the way, if you point out your stoicism? Guess what, you're not stoical. Also, stoicism? The product of repression. Repression? Gives you neuroses and a stomach ache. Also makes you super-boring.
change Jack’s mind.
What is your favourite food/drink and why?
It certainly was a challenge trying to integrate aspects from two very different cultures but I think the outcome is very pleasing and seamless. Now my clients can have leisurely strolls through their new landscape which takes much less work to keep up and dramatically improves not only the aesthetics but also the livability of their new found haven.
This is going to be very brief as I don’t really have much to say – in fact I was contemplating not writing anything at all until I realised that I said I would mention how my appointment went with the GP. I’ll get all antsy and restless if I don’t stick to that so here we go…
However, it's just a matter of keeping the same dreams and extending your goals. It's not as if you fall off the earth at that point. When I was 20, I thought life ended after you got married. What a shock it was after I got married to realize you keep waking up day after day. That's the same thing with the 40's. You have more days to do more!
Eastern Bluebird 2
Grate those carrots. To make things faster you could buy pre-grated carrots…
I'm still alive! Just rul busy. MFA life has opened its big grouper mouth and swallowed the minnow of normal life in one big gulp; I haven't seen my husband in almost three weeks (what the what?!) and I'm out of clean socks, but I survived my first year MFA review. I GET TO DO THIS AGAIN NEXT YEAR, MUGGLES. Four artists/critics/humanoids sat in my studio and grilled me for an hour about the work I've made this year and let's not talk about it but just praise sweet lil' baby Krishna that it's OVER.
One approach is to bury his head in the sand and deny reality, which is what the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has decided to do. In its latest report, issued on March 28, the IPCC has largely abandoned talk of global warming mitigation and shifted instead to what is termed "disaster risk reduction." That is to say, reductions in greenhouse gases are not really going to affect temperatures, as the IPCC claimed in 2007, but with a wink and a nod we're going to assume that rising temperatures, which have actually been falling since 2002, are responsible for every severe storm in the next few decades. And since the IPCC is determined to remain in business and continue attempting to control the affairs of national economies around the world, we're going to focus on risk mitigation.
Gregory: good god man how many people
Today I am going to share with you the tip-top secret trick that everyone who’s driving around a pristine automobile knows. Here it is. Get ready. They take out what goes in. That’s it, that’s the secret.
CHEATY TO EATY PIZZA:
- In Iowa, USA, it is against the law to kiss for more than five minutes.
“But making policy and technology changes while keeping cultures centered on consumerism and growth can only go so far.”
Do you go back to the holy land very often?
Sean’s conclusions are two:
- I think I might buy an aluminum water bottle for my little sister. They're much more eco-friendly, and I love the one that I have from NYU Stern.
21. $25 application fee from each business applicant (provide with cover letter)
Category: 68 Belgian-Style Strong Specialty Ale - 54 Entries
Sorry if I've not been around to visit, it's not that I don't want to, I just don't have the time right now. Once I get adjusted to the new rhythm of things, I'll get back into the blogging groove. Have a great week y'all!
Oh that may not be their intent, but regardless of how good their intentions are that will be the result if they succeed. Even a novice of history like me can see that clearly.
Jennifer Echols has written a believable and relatable tale about two people, a cop and rebel girl, falling in love while running from their painful pasts. But what really makes this book so memorable is that it’s focused on a railroad bridge.
… As the Day She Was Born
What projects are you currently working on?
Total Carbohydrate 2.9 g
Hebrew National is considered one of the old standbys of Kosher dogs. It’s certainly one of the cheapest dogs in our entire survey, even allowing for different size packages. The thing about Hebrew National is that it wasn’t as good as any of us remembered. For one thing, it was among the softest textured dogs in the survey. Overall we all thought it was fairly greasy and although the scores for saltiness and spiciness were split, it just wasn’t the standard of excellence we had expected from our memories of those commercials with Uncle Sam and God.
The word had already been used by the philosopher Søren Kierkegaard, and Nietzsche took the sense in which Kierkegaard had used it and developed it further. It is central to understanding his Genealogy of Morals to understand what he means by ressentiment. It is a specific type of resentment which we feel when we are powerless or inferior. We project our resentment onto those who are more powerful than us or superior to us, so that we blame them for our failings. In a sense we create a scapegoat, upon whom we lay all the blame for our own failings or weaknesses. Nietzsche describes it in Genealogy of Morals with an analogy to nature:
With gut. In these labyrinthine tubes, in those gallant tunnels which scientists call our second brain, not the brain of facts but of insight. To say it briefly, Ann knows who you really are.
With 101 quick-and-easy projects for organizing your bathroom, kitchen, closet and more, Clutter Rehab takes the stress out of home organizing. As you painlessly tackle piles of toys, stacks of paper and over-spilling drawers, you’ll discover how to make de-cluttering your home an addictive pleasure.
Happy "hump" day, have a good one. Why not pop along to Julia's blog to see what everyone else is up to. Thanks for visiting my wee blog and I'll be along later today to have a wander.
Knowing I had to get up in a very short while, and half-listening for the dog to return to the door, I slipped into some sort of fugue state between sleep and awake. I don't know how to explain it. I definitely started dreaming, but I was also vaguely aware of the couch...do you know what I mean?
My today’s post i would like to dedicate to Guba trip with WeBlog team,organized by Ireli PU (14.08.2011)
Irgens Å, Krüger K, Skorve AH, Irgens LM. Reproductive outcome in offspring of parents occupationally exposed to lead in Norway. Am J Ind Med 1998; 34: 431-437.
What did you think of this episode? Did it satisfy your post-hiatus questions? Do you think Quinn will walk again? Will the Finchel wedding proceed? Did anyone else stare slack-jawed at Matt Bomer throughout the entire show? Give me your TwoCents below or over on Twitter!
I've never been good at tolerating the shortcomings of others. This is not because I think I'm better than they are (well, sometimes it is), but because I simply can't take certain things. (Ironically, this is seen as a serious character flaw to many others.) I admittedly have too many deal breakers. I suspect part of this is due to the fact that I grew up in a family and culture where it was not odd to hear someone scream, 'YOU'RE DEAD TO ME!!!', at least five times a year for any degree of issue. Anyway, it's caused me much loneliness in my life, but age has taught me to be forgiving and tolerant of a person's _______ (insert relevant attribute here), so long as the good outweighs the bad. Learning how to do that has made it possible for me to have a small number of lasting relationships. I really don't need, or even want, more.
So there you have it folks, you have two fabulous to choose from this week and I can’t wait to see just what you create for us.
Eamon called and told me that he ran into old man Ravosa downtown, who complained to him that Peter Picknelly screwed him out of a half million dollars in the sale of his property. Eamon also recalled that Mayor Ryan said he would do the library takeover advocacy work for free, but then privately asked Bob and Karen Powell to have fundraisers at their house to raise money to pay for Ryan's legal work. Eamon claims that Tony Gill, the black guy from AIC who used to work for Boston's Ray Flynn, asked if Eamon could help him get a job with the Ryan Administration. Gill has Tom Devine on his radio show a lot.
I ate mine with a slice of butter on top. Tonight I reheated some of the leftover soup (it always tastes nicer the next day) and added a blob of sour cream and some fried mushrooms. Very tasty!!!
steam rises from strong folded hands, a heavy cup
We'll keep capitalism, greedy corporations, pharmaceutical companies, Wal-Mart and Wall Street. You can have your beloved lifelong welfare dwellers, food stamps, homeless, homeboys, hippies, druggies and illegal aliens. We'll keep the hot Alaskan hockey moms, greedy CEO's and rednecks. We'll keep the Bibles and give you NBC and Hollywood .
Tomorrow a favourite colour palette of mine, until then, check out some more of my stitched book paper pieces here.
to this add Rice flour water roux , mix them well together.
18. Watched an IMDb-provided clip of Rachel Carpani on the TV show Against the Wall. I wanted to hear how her American accent sounded.
I turn 30 next month and I am EXCITED FOR IT!!!! 30 doesn't scare me for some reason. I'm excited for my 30's. 29 has been a rocky year but as I get closer to 30 things just keep getting better. So why the heck shouldn't I celebrate with a huge party? Okay, some might think I'm strange and wonder why I'm throwing myself a big party. Well I'm the party planner, right? And I think birthday's are a big deal. Everyone should feel special on their birthday. It's the day you were born. The day you came into this world and changed it forever so celebrate it for heaven's sake!
Some of you may remember me saying that I had won a new magnolia stamp from Jacque's Joie de Vivre's blog giveaway Sunday Sensations with Magnolia-licious, through a slight twist of fate I ended up chatting to Diana at Magnolia-licious more than expect and she is a very lovely lady, I also had a bit of a look through the online store and they have a fabulous range too. Anyway enough rambling, my stamp arrived a few days back and here is a card that I made with it today.
Jim McDonald, Sri Lanka Country Specialist in Amnesty International USA, stated that at least 14 media workers have been killed in Sri Lanka since 2006, with no one being convicted for these murders.
And I’m up in the air looking down at a girl on a bed
HERRIDGE: In a radio interview with FOX, former CIA Director Michael Hayden said there is no question the CIA program including waterboarding laid the foundation for bin Laden’s capture.
Lime Juice, from 3 limes
Kim Marotta, an executive at Miller Coors, said the freebie is to help Baltimore residents plan for safe rides home from New Year's celebrations. They're calling the program Miller Lite Rides, a name they've actually trademarked.
I have mixed emotions about the start to this book. As I’ve already mentioned I very much enjoyed the characters and the voice of the protagonist. But as much as I was enjoying it, it took me a little while to get into the story. We’re presented with a huge case of insta-love right from the start. Lucas, the mysterious and hot new neighbor, comes on strong. I’m pretty sure they start making out on their second or third meeting! I’m warning you now. There’s not a lot of rationalization for the insta-love…you won’t really understand the reasons until the end of the book. Which is why, in retrospect, I kinda like that I had to wait for all of the info to be revealed.
N.J. Office of Homeland Security Preparedness
Finally, I am sorry for all my minority brothers and sisters. If only we had been warned in 1994 that the rainbow nation would turn into the quagmire of hate and failure it has become. We could all have made our escape then, and watched the implosion from afar.
A swimming pool!
There is a very good saying and it goes like this: be careful what you wish for, you may receive it. And so it is with the Arab Spring! Egypt - and more specifically, the women - have found this out to their horror. Gone is the almost sane Hosni Mubarak, and in his place has come the Muslim Brotherhood with all their Islamist bells and whistles. The only problem is that their bells and whistles are firmly entrenched in 7th century ideology where women were regarded as little more than the playthings of men - there to do their bidding and fulfill all their dreams. And so it is today. Can anyone believe that women under Muslim rule are still trying to drag these so-called men into the modern world? Who would think that these same women have to try and stop their new liberating(!) Islamist parliament from passing laws that want to lower the minimum marriage age to 14......AND where they want to allow a husband to have sex with his dead wife within six hours of her death? Who are these people and what bloody backward planet are they from? Can anything be more disgusting than having sex with a corpse and then using a law to make it legal? Well, good luck Egyptian women and may the Arab Spring be all you wished it to be. May your new leaders continue to civilise you as I'm sure this isn't the end of all those wacky female-uplifting surprises they have in stock for you!
After we moved out of Eglin, we headed to South Florida for some time with family before our adventure began. JB and I took a short break away for the weekend in Key West.
“Do you know why they subjected us to virginity tests?” Ibrahim asked me soon after we’d spent hours marching together to mark International Women’s Day in Cairo on March 8. “They want to silence us; they want to chase women back home. But we’re not going anywhere.”
I want to make hers just as special
Back at Forbes, writer Meghan Casserly bemoans the fact that “opting out” has become a catch phrase among women leaders who lament that we will never make it into the corporate suites if women continue to step off the ladder. And those words, they continue to confuse her:
If for any reason the cost of answering this request would exceed the appropriate limit then I will happily accept the information as it relates to the last 20 requests (starting from 28 March 2012 and working backwards) for Information responded to (inclusive of EIR responses) by Avon and Somerset Constabulary.
SCR: Single Check Rebate. Rite Aid’s monthly rewards programs. Unlike Walgreens RR and CVS ECB, which reward you with each applicable transaction, the SCR is a monthly reward. You enter information from your receipts online, and they mail you a rewards check for the appropriate amount for the past month. These can be cashed or deposited like any other check. Kind of reminds me of a mail-in rebate, but you need not mail receipts or UPCs.
A passed test will instead lead to attempts at dialogue with the other faction or factions, aimed at reaching a compromise or a route out. If the game has no mechanisms for this, the players are to sketch them out, on the spot with the game underway...
It is starting to feel like Fall here in the Tx. Hills - also known as the land with no seasons.
My room was okay, I knew that I would only be staying some days there, so nothing to complain about
After this, He ascended into the Heavens. This is shown by the blue robe. This is where He is today, sitting at the right hand of the Father in Heaven.
Fire. And energy. Blended into muted shades.
The obscuration upon earth. 20
Because…it’s my first day of twelve days of presents…
So what do you think? What's a cute non 4 legged animal?? (and it has to pass the "I would snuggle it" test)
“Notice also that Bersih supporters were protecting the injured policeman and taking him to safety. Citizens were protecting the police , alright.. question is was the police doing their duty to protect the citizens, or were they inflicting injury on purpose ?”
You want to know what happens. Think, eat cayenne pepper. Ouch.
Hard to believe that while they were heading back to snow and ice, we were enjoying a quick stop to the beach!
If you win one of the challenges we sponsor, you could win 5 digital stamps of your choice from the Robyn's Fetish store.
I don't know if it's just American culture or just me or what, but once you have achieved the home and family thing, the societal models kind of peter out. So I assumed,like a doofus, that things must pretty much just peter out on the inter-familial stress front since there was apparently nothing left to report. I figured the kids moved out, you got wrinkly, you went to Vegas a lot, then had a hip replacement and eventually died.
For the past few days I really haven't felt well. I'm 35 weeks pregnant, and my energy level has been very minimal today and yesterday. I feel exhausted. I have indigestion that makes me feel nauseous. If I could lay in bed all day...I think I would!
soothing pains that wrench.
A handful for a snack.
More of that ‘new tone’ we were promised by Democrats in the aftermath of the Giffords shooting in January (an obvious strong language warning): Bristol Palin verbally attacked by heckler ‘YOUR MOTHER’S A WHORE’
As for "Cwrw" (pronounced kuru, with a roll of the "r"), I think you'll find adequate clarification here.
The setback Tuesday at the hands of Guadagno, a Republican, and the subsequent legal wrangling to get his name back on the ballot did not stop Lewis from campaigning for the state Senate seat in South Jersey’s 8th Legislative District.
Dagmar Barnouw, 72; USC professor who wrote provocative works about the aftermath of World War II and what she called the sanctification of Holocaust survivors, the "politics of not-forgetting Nazi evil" and the idea of collective German guilt (May 14)
Jenkins, though, missed the final four regular-season games because of a calf injury, and he's had just two tackles in the two playoff games. His effectiveness will be one of the keys, two sources said.
Districts where voters were more likely to favor Kasich in the election often were the same places that now face the biggest cuts under the governor's budget. Here is the breakdown:
"The fact that you are a novelty means that you are watched doubly carefully,'' said Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., during a phone conversation several weeks ago. "And I've always felt the most important thing is to show you could be effective early on."
And the Tigers made it 31-10 on a 23-yard field goal by Grant Ressel on the last play of the half to culminate a drive that began at the MU 20 and was kindled by a 41-yard pass from Franklin to L'Damian Washington.
The Cleveland Fire Department suffers from a systemic lack of oversight and accountability. An investigation by former federal prosecutor Ronald Bakeman seeks to determine whether that has led to crimes.
Music rehearsals Wednesday include chimers at 3:40 p.m., adult bells at 7 p.m., and senior choir at 8 p.m. Junior High Roman's 12:2 Group meets Wednesday evening.
"You have to look at the lease and see if there is any general clause that says you can't do anything dangerous," he said, which could be considered enough to allow a landlord to require a tenant to remove a pit bull.
It also knows that Mandel got something wrong.
The owners of the Vikings have an agreement with Ramsey County officials to build a more than $1 billion stadium at the old U.S. Army munitions plant in Arden Hills. But stadium backers believe that voters would be likely to reject a countywide half-cent sales tax planned to fund the project.
This contest is something D'Rocas bar manager Aaron Varquero is trying to get going every month, but he's having trouble getting sponsors. They'd like to offer cash to the winners, but all they can do for now is give out T-shirts.
I was lukewarm. "Tomorrow" was whale-watching and horseback riding. I didn't want to give up riding Icelandic horses, and my friend had her heart set on seeing whales.
"They're still in a state of denial as to what combat soldiers go through in the field of battle," Nathan said.
Though aspects of the walk were light-hearted — such as the sight of grown men stepping gingerly down stairs in high heels — the event carried a somber message.
The federal law requires that exchanges be government agencies or nonprofits established by states. Regulators said Monday that an exchange's governing board can't have a majority representing the health-insurance industry or brokers. Exchanges are required to create websites that let consumers browse for and buy plans, and also offer phone and in-person options.
"It signifies a history-changing moment when a president finally says, 'I'm on your side.' It's a critical moment," said Stacy Lentz, a co-owner of the Stonewall, a reincarnated version of the unlicensed gay bar in Manhattan's West Village that was the site of riots following a police raid in 1969.
2 S DIANNE DR $122,000
The first segment from Nine Mile to Iliff, which is being built as a rail/highway expansion partnership with CDOT, will open in summer 2014.
Molina delivers
Where: The Bang and the Clatter The atre Company, 224 Euclid Ave., Cleve land.
Harrison responded that issuing an open-container ticket would be up to an officer's discretion. Targeting passengers in party limos, she said, "is not the intent of where this is going."
The circumstances of her departure - whether or not she was fired or resigned - have not been revealed by city officials. Kestler took over on March 16.
The branch was established at the urging of the St. Louis Federation of Colored Women's Clubs. The organization petitioned the National YWCA for a branch here, and Wheatley became the fifth one in the country for African-Americans.
Remember when we treated Baja like a suburb of Southern California, when you only had to point your compass south to quickly bask in sunny climes, otherworldly scenery and a tinge of the exotic? Then came the great drug wars, with the first gruesome headlines coming out of Tijuana. Suddenly, anyone contemplating a trip across the border was placed on suicide watch.
Amazing. It’s a word that’s been thrown around this franchise for half a century. At times it’s been uttered with tongue planted firmly in cheek. At other times, it’s been straight up.
Rene, and her younger brother, Emiliano, are now students at the public San Francisco Community School, where Zapata teaches fourth grade.
Woohoo, Halloween makes it socially acceptable -- especially at Fetish Playland.
We had two Alicia Keys songs tonight. Now it's Lady Gaga's turn, as Skylar takes on "Born This Way." Skylar is definitely on a roll from last week: She takes the song and turns it into a personal declaration about being a country singer competing on "American Idol." With this vocal, she becomes the girl to beat this week.
Morgan also cites a 2009 study of thousands of hospital prostate surgery records by Massachusetts General Hospital's Institute for Clinical and Economic Review. It found little difference in patient death rates, loss of urinary control and erectile dysfunction among the three major surgical procedures - open surgery, traditional laparoscopic surgery and robotic surgery. But it said its own conclusions were weakened by a paucity of apples-and-apples data.
The pleas came 6½ months after Shapiro — the company’s founder and the government’s central defendant — pleaded guilty to securities fraud and money laundering. He is slated to be sentenced in May.
Morgan said prosecutors are not immune from libel and slander lawsuits but expects James wouldn't have made the claim unless he had evidence to back it up. Still, Morgan said, “What relevance is her being an unindicted co-conspirator if you haven’t charged her?”
"I also believe this conversation has taken way too long. I think we're talking years and years and years," she said. "We need to get the ball moving here."
Whereas CVS has remained more focused on its staple products, Walgreens had expanded more in recent years into other retail areas such as electronics and holiday decorations, Jonas said.
"We've absolutely told them that: 'You can't stay here,' " Hickenlooper said.
Medical marijuana has been allowed in California since voters approved Proposition 215 in 1996. However, the use of marijuana remains prohibited under federal laws.
With $313 million in revenues, Entertainment Properties is a bit below average for the group, the 28th-largest company in the Kansas City region. It fared well in rankings based on growth in revenues, profits and market value, an area where smaller companies are at least on equal footing with their larger rivals.
Before Church, fellow country rocker Brantley Gilbert provided 45 minutes of yeoman's work in the opening act, with the highlight being his biggest hit to date, "Country Must be Country Wide."
Phase 1 trial costs
In the rituals and institutions that modern writers from Flaubert to Lewis have found suffocating Robinson discovers mystery and ecstasy. She reminds us that our stern-seeming Protestant forbears were a little more joyful than we believe them to be and that Calvin said that "nature is a shining garment in which God is revealed and concealed," a sensuous metaphor worthy of Donne or Herbert.
This is not a job for the government to do unilaterally. It is a job for the government to help synchronize and oversee.
That insecurity was present when he and Lloyd Webber began work on "Superstar." The title, inspired by an ad for a Tom Jones concert, was so off-putting that no theatrical producer in London or New York would touch the show, and so they first made the now-classic concert recording. When the songs, especially "I Don't Know How to Love Him," became global hits, Broadway came calling.
An angled deck runs from one end to the other, widening near the home's main living space and master bedroom. Here, there is an infinity-edge pool/Jacuzzi where Heacox can sit in the evening and watch the reflection of the sunset against the mountains. Over the ridge is Bartlett Lake. At night, the glow of lights in Payson is visible.
267 Ferry St., Newark; (973) 344-3041; solmar-restaurant.com
That's part of the reason Roseman was in Hollywood, Fla., last week during the BCS meetings.
Watch "Twilight" and Get Ready for "New Moon": Seventh- through 12th-graders can get ready for the upcoming release of the movie "New Moon," the sequel to "Twilight," with trivia games, Halloween goodies and a showing of "Twilight" (PG-13). Registration required. 5-8 p.m. Thu, Oct. 29. Lake Oswego Public Library, 706 Fourth St., Lake Oswego; 503-697-6580
In the same period last year the airline reported a net loss attributable to shareholders of (EURO)507 million.
I know for a fact that Joan Rivers is a nice person because my neighbor Cookie Hymer told me so. Cookie was a manager at the Painters Mill Music Fair, and when Joan Rivers played there ca. 1973, Cookie baby-sat for Melissa when Joan was onstage.
"Anything at this point would be speculation," Park said, "and it wouldn't be appropriate to speculate."
Activities: Team Spirit ... Fellowship of Christian Athletes.
For example, the state Department of Environmental Protection recently announced that it would waive any regulation deemed too burdensome for businesses or individuals, prompting environmentalists to pursue legal action. The "waiver rule" mirrors ALEC’s Pollution Control or Abatement Flexibility Act.
Almost two months ago, the league gave Hulsizer until Dec. 31 to finalize the purchase. And despite sources' claims that a closing had been imminent in recent weeks, nothing has materialized. The hang-up appears to be the ability of Hulsizer and Dave Checketts to provide sufficient equity and perhaps secure the necessary bank financing to guarantee the viability of the ownership group.
Miyazato, the ninth-ranked Japanese player who has seven LPGA Tour victories, birdied Nos. 14-16 and closed with two pars for a bogey-free round.
-- Christopher Lay, Northbrook
Meyer said his classmates at school made fun of him, and the hearing aids didn't work very well.
The former governor has not spoken publicly and rarely has been seen since Nov 4, when he resigned his post at MF Global.
UNION COUNTY — Polls have now closed in the 2011 New Jersey primary elections, and the results are being counted.
It's a scene played out all over Europe as the holidays approach: The air is cold, the sky is bright and snow crunches underfoot as crowds make their way through rows of little wooden structures that look like storybook houses with sloping roofs and rustic trim, each offering some treasure that's beautiful, fun or delicious.
"They played chicken with the wrong guy," said O’Scanlon.
A. Two words: Hilarious co-workers. Two more words: Unlimited snacks. The energy of the office is so good, I like to be in the hubbub.
Council Republicans support the PILOT agreement for the development as a means to bring permanent jobs to the township while boosting its economy, said Council President Daniel Morley.
Earlier this year, Bella was also hospitalized with pneumonia, prompting Santorum to leave the campaign trail before the Florida primary. Santorum frequently mentions his daughter while speaking to voters, thanking them for their prayers and telling supporters how well she is doing.
CBS Corp.'s first-quarter earnings soared 80% as the broadcaster benefited from content-licensing deals with online media companies as well as pay-TV distributors paying higher fees to carry the CBS network.
Brady: That's an equity issue. And all of our children should have arts programming, the ability to go on field trips, cultural events and experiences. It helps define who you are but also helps you see the world and what it might look like. How do we do that? In many ways. The levy from the Creative Advocacy Network could be one of the biggest leverage pieces. Continued relationships with performing art spaces so we get ticket prices that are more reasonable.
Most of the job cuts are local and are across several departments. No precise figure for the local layoff was available. Maritz has 2,200 employees in the region and 3,400 companywide.
A year before he took over the Cedar Lee, Forman rented it for a time to launch another movie enterprise he had little knowledge of running or sustaining. He called it the Cleveland International Film Festival. It showed eight films for a few thousand people. He had no clue if he could pull off a second one, especially in a region film distributors considered a cinema wasteland.
Saddle Brook (13-5): Samantha Alexander 12 assists, 9 service points, 4 digs, 2 aces, 2 kills; Victoria Caramico 10 digs, 4 service points, 1 ace; Natasha Chodakowsky 10 digs, 5 service points, 2 kills, 1 ace; Chesca Ferolin 40 digs, 13 service points, 1 ace, 1 kill; Marissa Lortz 10 service points, 10 kills, 4 aces, 1 block; Megan Marsico 40 digs, 5 kills, 4 service points; Stephanie Munoz 11 kills, 1 block; Karolina Sokolska 18 service points, 12 assists, 4 aces, 2 digs, 2 kills.
"I can't believe it," he said Monday, moments after a federal jury in St. Louis convicted him and a close friend, Steven Mueller, of murder.
Several others besides Guo helped Chen in Beijing, but Zeng and Fu declined to name them for fear they would be rounded up by security agents.
How do you plan to raise morale?
At its most extreme, it borders on the ridiculous. In late January, we learned that our daughter would require oral surgery to remove three of her teeth. Without the surgery, her second adult front tooth would fail to grow in, leaving her with one giant front tooth and a smile that bore a disturbing resemblance to Nanny McPhee.
Jewish American heritage heralded: May is Jewish American Heritage Month, and Cleveland is marking the event with a celebration Monday in the rotunda of Cleveland City Hall, 601 Lakeside Ave.
The first page is nothing but chicken served on skewers: thigh, skin, liver, gizzard, minced, shoulder blade, tail, thigh oyster, breast cartilage and the like. They're priced from $6 to $8 an order, with five sticks for $14.
As of 2009, over 300,000 Americans have died on the roadways since 2001.
Lisa Bobbie Schreiber Hughes, an alumnus of both Rutgers New Brunswick and the Camden campus, has already formed her opinion.
Bombarding federal regulators with appeals is an increasingly common industry tactic since the 2006 Sago mine disaster that killed 12 led to stiffer fines and new enforcement to punish the worst offenders, according to an Associated Press review of records from the Mine Safety and Health Administration.
The response has been overwhelming, said Dr. Julia Bruner, medical director of Express Care at MetroHealth.
Announced guests this week include reality stars Giuliana and Bill Rancic (who appeared on Monday) and Kim Kardashian, as well as "Octomom" Nadya Suleman, Tori Spelling and over-the-top pop singer Nicki Minaj, who will perform live.
The company now brings in nearly 25 percent less money for each 100 shares handled compared with two years ago. At the same time, the number of shares it handles are dwindling. A decade ago, the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange accounted for roughly 80 percent of the volume of the blue chip stocks listed on it like General Electric Co. and Procter & Gamble Co. Now, thanks to regulatory changes and the rise of electronic exchanges such as the Kansas City-based BATS, the figure is closer to 25 percent.
He said he intended to curtail snowplowing, close the county pools, sell the animals at petting zoos and slash 173 jobs, most of them in the Parks Department.
The small crowd applauds as the chief executive officer introduces her company's new billboard -- the one that proclaims the Bay Area "Open for Business" and that this company, at least, isn't going anywhere. In reality, much of the company is already gone. Two weeks after the earthquake, many of the headquarters functions that the company operated out of the Bay Area were transferred to facilities in Denver. Many of its Bay Area employees are back at work, thanks to telecommuting and low-cost loans for employees who move to Colorado, but fewer service employees -- janitors, maintenance workers, security guards -- are needed for the skeleton crew that remains. The company offers relocation money and promises of new employment when the building gets
Credit card companies will loan you thousands of dollars and tell you that you have a small minimum payment. But with very high interest rates and minimum payments, it can take forever to pay off a balance. Remember, billion-dollar finance companies generally are housed in very nice buildings. If you have a credit card, use it prudently and for emergencies <U+0097> then pay it off every month.
øThe sixth-seeded Estonian, who won the Brisbane International in January, rallied after trailing 2-5 in the second set against the Italian, who won three titles last year.
Republicans, he said, are telling candidates in scores of tight contests throughout the country, "Don't let up."
Tyler D'Amore (6-3, 189, So.): Ironwood Ridge product played in seven games at College of the Canyons last fall, throwing for 311 yards and two touchdowns and rushing for 68 yards.
"The bottom line is, the baby boomers are hitting," said Chuck Gehring of LifeCare Alliance, an agency serving seniors in central Ohio. "Are communities prepared for this? No."
NEW DELHI -- Hopes were high after Congress passed a U.S.-India civilian nuclear agreement in 2008 that the two countries would forge a close military and strategic partnership.
The Cadillac SRX is one of five new or redesigned General Motors cars and crossovers that will be shown for the first time when the auto show begins Wednesday.
On Jonah Hill: “He’s one of the most creative people and smartest individuals I’ve ever been around. Jonah just really, really cares, and he’s got a great heart. A lot of people are so driven that they only worry about success, but that’s not Jonah. He is successful because he cares about what he’s doing and he cares about the people around him just as much, if not more. He’s just like one of the cooler people I’ve ever met.”
The "first of its kind" complaint, as ACLU called it, was filed in Portland because the Oregon ACLU chapter had been farther ahead in working with potential plaintiffs, said the chapter's executive director, David Fidanque.
City: Scottsdale
Sweet quiet, grand luxury
Proposals have been made to relocate City Hall and other city agencies to the facility. The West End Building currently houses members of the city’s parks and recreation department, the LOIS and Lake Oswego Tigard water partnership projects and other services.
But with high costs for emergency treatment, competition for hospital beds and insurers offering reduced payments for readmitted patients, "we are responsible for this person eating two hot dogs," he said. "From a preventable treatment standpoint, we as a health system now have to be very tuned in."
County Executive Candidates Forum on Sustainability: 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. at the Club at Key Center, 127 Public Square, Cleveland. Members of the Club at Key are free, $5 for nonmembers, $10 if registered at the door. Go to tinyurl.com/273xk54 to RSVP.
The Wildcats (4-1) earned the No. 1 seed at the upcoming Duchesne Christmas Tournament.
The contract would also commit the city to hire nearly 100 temporary employees to increase revenue collection, and to make their positions permanent if they generate a temporary surplus in the general fund budget.
He was forced to undergo a blood test, which showed his alcohol level was .215, prosecutors said.
Smith showed that ability at different times in college. He had seven interceptions as a junior but came up empty in that stat column last season.
The incumbent: Dona Brady has held this seat (formerly Ward 19) since 1999.
an exchange for government-subsidized health-care plans. The idea is to use the exchange to ensure that virtually everyone in the state has coverage, The Oregonian reports.
But there are those who prefer the Frye Art Museum over Seattle's big fish. It's a smaller, more intimate venue, rooted in the museum's initial collection of early 20th century European art, and with smaller, maybe more intimate shows, too.
Staff writer Mike Garafolo contributed to this story.
“He has an astonishing range and depth of reference whether it’s the canon of classical philosophy or the canon of hip hop,” says Gates, a longtime friend. “If James Brown was the hardest working man in show business, then Cornel West is the hardest working man, not in black academe, but in academe, period.”
In some cases, the Romney campaign's message has collided with that of Republican leaders in key swing states. For example, Ohio's Republican Gov. John Kasich, who endorsed Romney on Thursday but did not appear at his event, has frequently touted Ohio's improving jobs picture.
In fact, 62 percent of the $123 million raised by American Crossroads, the super PAC, and Crossroads GPS, the nonprofit, through the end of 2011 came from mystery donors, according to a Center for Public Integrity analysis of tax and campaign finance records.
Some of Noah’s teammates stood up for him Monday, saying that the fan went too far in whatever comments were directed toward the Bulls’ bench.
Obama also is requesting that Congress approve $500 million for enhanced border protection and law enforcement activities as part of an emergency spending bill expected to come to the Senate floor this week.
After Mr. Sublette left the House in 2000, he stayed in the education mix, heading an important Blue Ribbon Panel on Education that propelled key changes in Orange County schools, despite facing a hostile School Board.
"It was definitely a different experience for some guys, and we were playing out of character," said center JaVale McGee, who was 0-for-6 in Game 1. "Just first-game jitters. I'll be fine. ... Things can definitely change. They have some great players, but we have a good squad. As long as we go out there and play our game, we should be fine."
Jason Wilson can be reached at Jason@tablematters.com or food@washpost.com.
A bystander recorded the episode, which unfolded at 10:30 p.m. in front of Hammond's home at Northeast 15th Avenue and Alberta Street. The video was posted on the Web.
"I talked with my family about it, and I just really liked ASU's program," Mixon said. "They like me as a rush end, lining up on the outside. ... I just felt like I fit in real well."
But the defeats suffered by the former Massachusetts governor in Tuesday's primary and caucuses in Colorado, Minnesota and Missouri exposed lingering weaknesses in Mr. Romney's standing with conservatives.
"It's a new Air Force. I'm really surprised how everything settled down as much as it has," said the emergency room nurse at Travis Air Force base, near Fairfield in northern California. "Some of the best, most honorable people have had the military pin medals of honor on them for combat and then they've gotten kicked out over this. It's shameful. I'm glad it's done."
Our panel weighs in: We asked an "elite collection" of NBA writers to offer their opinions on Chris Johnson. Here is what they had to say.
As we left the meeting he said he would contact me in a week so I could begin volunteering. Weeks, months and years went by but I never heard anything.
Here a little German dog gets a chance though.
Even assuming Judge Vaughn Walker's ruling is upheld by higher courts (a risky bet, for sure), the economic benefits to California will decline further the longer the legal process is dragged out, and as more states permit same-sex marriage without muss or fuss.
State transportation officials have weighed in, adding new projects such as a MARTA line to Roswell, several interchanges on I-285, and a half-billion dollars worth of Xpress buses to the projects that voters might consider in a referendum next year that would add a penny sales tax.
"My feeling is that I'd like it to go to a museum because it is a historical monument," he said.
Billiton said output was not affected.
Jemele Hill, ESPN.com: "All major sports leagues have expanded in the past two decades to boost revenue. And the NBA (16 teams since 1984), NHL (16 since 1980) and NFL (12 since 1990) include a greater number (and proportion) of their franchises in the postseason. From that standpoint, it's understandable why Major League Baseball would want to expand from eight to 10 playoff teams -- a decision that will be made or postponed this week. It makes perfect financial sense, but is it common sense? The answer is no. Do you remember where you were on Sept. 28, 2011? It was only the greatest regular-season finale in baseball history. The Boston Red Sox needed one more out against the Baltimore Orioles to make the playoffs. Trailing the New York Yankees 7-0 in the eighth inning, the Tampa Bay Rays needed a win and a Boston loss to secure a spot in the postseason. Then the most unreal, unpredictable, unbelievable thing happened. The Orioles and Rays both won in dramatic fashion. And the Red Sox claimed the notoriety of the most epic late-season collapse of all time. If the expanded postseason formula had been in place last year, those two dramatic games would have only affected home field for a one-game playoff between the Rays and Red Sox. Of course, Terry Francona might still be the Red Sox's manager and, most importantly, beer and chicken wouldn't be frowned upon in Boston's clubhouse."
Hudson remembered happier times spent with her nephew, whom she affectionately called "Tugga Bear."
The Senate is now breaking up his half-trillion-dollar spending bill and offering it up in pieces to get ammunition for the 2012 elections. Those bills will provide fodder for the campaign commercials Democrats will be running to depict those who vote against the Obama plan as indifferent to the plight of unemployed teachers, policemen and firefighters.
Winter Park: Business After Hours and Re-opening Celebration, 5:30 to 7:30 p.m., Sept. 15, Winter Park YMCA, 1201 N. Lakemont Ave., Winter Park, free. Details: 407-644-8281 or winterpark.org.
More typical is Linda Broderick, 59. She has been looking for an executive assistant post for 14 months. She has applied for "500 to 600 jobs," she says. She's had one interview.
The strike was set for May 21.
The judicial panel asked specific questions about how the child's interests would be different from the parents'.
After about 10 seconds, Michael was let out of the cordoned area and patted down around his waist. He wasn’t given a reason for the pat-down, and in the sober, somewhat intimidating environment, he didn’t ask. Finally, he was allowed to collect his belongings and, about 45 seconds after first taking off his shoes, proceed to his departure gate and the 39-minute flight home to New Jersey.
Jackson was in the process of preparing for an epic 50-concert stand in London that had him rehearsing long hours. Jackson was described "very frail," but worked hard, Johnny Caswell, a principal at Centerstaging, where Jackson rehearsed for the concerts, told the Los Angeles Times.
Spring Skies: Saturdays, May 5, 12, 19, 7 p.m.
If you believe the hype, the United States has a valuable new ally in the War on Terror: American Muslim leaders. Alas, it's called "hype" for a reason.
Most of the biggest-ticket transportation projects happening in the city right now involve expanding the rail network, including two expensive expansions of Manhattan subway system, reconstructing a light rail station destroyed in the Sept. 11 attacks, and a new underground line connecting the city's two main train stations.
When Variety presents its production of "The Wizard of Oz" this October, several area residents will be in the cast.
He attempted to clear things up this morning in Fairfax, Va., where he voiced unequivocal support -- "110 percent" -- for Issue 2.
“It has nothing to do with the federal government and Obama saying we need prevention,” Baun said. “This has everything to do with businessmen looking at the costs and saying that we have to try to stop this.”
Call again. If a staffer says your LDL cholesterol was high or your HDL was low (you want the reverse), or anything is off and you don't hear from the doctor, dial. It's time to talk about next steps.
On a voice vote, the House backed the Digital Accountability and Transparency Act, known as the DATA Act. The legislation would establish uniform standards for all recipients to report federal money and set up a single website where average Americans could search for information on how government agencies, departments and other recipients spend federal funds.
We generally share the driving responsibilities on our vacations. We had reserved the car for 28 days. That was going to be $280 we hadn't planned on! We protested and argued. They wouldn't budge.
In 2007, Dangote opened a massive cement plant at Obajana, the biggest in Africa, at a time when Nigeria imported 80% of the product. In one swoop, he was transformed from trader to manufacturer.
Sen. Max Baucus, D-Mont., noted the turnabout in Missouri complaining about too much water after years of fighting to secure more water.
Retailers say the new bells and whistles are boosting foot traffic in the grill aisles. "The customer who goes out grill shopping now will see things never offered before," says Daryl Tilley, head of seasonal living merchandising at Lowe's home improvement.
01/26/1911 died 01/22/2012
“I thought he played well enough (Wednesday) night to earn minutes,” McMillan said.
"I didn't even think about attending the event, that wasn't my goal," Rim said. "My goal was to have Lady Gaga acknowledge our organization using Twitter or Facebook. Because I know she has a very, very big social platform. She can get a lot of people to do basically whatever she wants."
1300 block of Norman Avenue, 7:31 a.m. April 25 Copper wire was removed overnight from containers and buildings on a company site. A second site in another city was also burglarized during the night.
On August 18, I attended the annual dinner of the Sioux Falls Jewish Welfare Society and heard the informal announcement (the formal announcement was made August 20) of Sanford building a pediatric clinic in Carmiel, Israel.
One day I will take Grandchild to see the ocean and we'll make sand castles as the sea breeze whips our hair in our faces. We'll share ice cream cones and have watermelon seed-spitting contests and see who can splash the hardest in the pool.
Bancroft: Seattle was the first one I saw. It was really, really great how they just compressed the energy and information and fun of a presentation into five minutes. The ones that were great moved along really quickly. And even the ones that weren’t so great, you only had to sit through five minutes of it.
Lon Rains, director of strategic communications for Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems, said the model was traveling from California to Baltimore as of Friday and will be assembled on the Inner Harbor shoreline starting Monday or Tuesday..
Trendell, 25, said the couple had been living together and eventually planned to buy a house. The tax-credit offer encouraged them to buy now. They signed a contract in January and closed their purchase last month. They plan to use part of the $8,000 for furniture and put the rest toward their wedding, scheduled for May 2011.
Cash says she is scheduled to meet with the city's Economic Development Department next week. She doesn't plan to be shy.
Holt raced in for a 16-yard touchdown and Bahr's point after increased the lead to 13-3.
Fountain-Fort Carson 31, Cherokee Trail 21
“The fact that they stop to say good-bye, that’s really gratifying,” she said. “I love my job. This is what I’m meant to do. Teaching is stuck with me.”
TRENTON — Calling it an "attack on the Constitution," a spokesman for U.S. Sen. Robert Menendez today said the Democrat has appealed to the state Supreme Court to stop a recall effort.
"I'm like a rolling stone, man. I've had a lot of challenges in my life, not necessarily bad ones," he said.
I like to serve this smoked fish spread with crostini, apple slices or fennel wedges, but it would also work on any type of cracker or crunchy vegetable. This can be made up to one day in advance.
And now that you have an extra 15 minutes or so, bring back the special award. Limit it to a single, lifetime-achievement honor — the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award can be spun off into its own, private charity gala — and give it some real time in the show.
Coaches of the year: boys — Russ McKinstry, Lewis-Palmer; Andrew Hasz, Faith Christian; Rob Johnson, Chaparral High; and Dick Katte, Denver Christian; girls — Craig Van Patten, Legacy.
A work in progress, large warehouse space, appealing use of rustic materials; great natural light. Lots of conversations.
One vivid on-the-job moment was provided by actress Cloris Leachman, who was in town starring in a production of "Showboat." When she came by our studios for an interview, our senior staff was holding a meeting in a glass-walled office.
øCountered Jerry Crawford, the general partner and public face of Donegal: "It's easy because you don't get the e-mails from Ireland that I do."
What: It's possible these days to savor Italian art without leaving Northern California. You'll encounter 17 paintings with loads of "wall power" in the exhibit titled "Florence and the Baroque." Or admire the extraordinary draftsmanship in the 53 works on paper on display as part of "The Art of Disegno" exhibit.
Damage to grass and foliage. Multiplying mosquitoes. Leaky basements. Heavy rainfall can cause all of these things. A good way to help solve them: a rain garden.
Queens was arguably the best boys soccer borough in 2011.
Administration officials outlined a proposed "Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights" on Thursday and urged technology companies, consumer groups and others to jointly craft new protections. Such guidelines will initially be voluntary for companies, but those that agree to abide by them could be subject to sanctions for any violations.
Though secrecy surrounds the ticket sold at the MotoMart convenience store, lottery officials note it's not unusual for winners to lay low — and those who advise them say it's just plain smart.
The Woman of Achievement for Spirit of Giving throws her support behind concepts she sees strengthening the community - like the arts. Long a supporter of the Center of Creative Arts, Staenberg has served COCA as board member, donor and volunteer, leading fundraisers for its programs and outreach to urban schools.
On the road with the Indians, Graney was everyone's favorite. A champion lobby sitter in hotels, he was a confidant of players and managers alike. "He's like a father to me," said more than one young player.
Espinosa’s idea of a salad is fresh greens, tomatoes, onions and something on top, like steak, pork or chicken. Salads are the same price as platters and also come with plantains.
5013 BRISTOL HILL DR $248,000
"I am very pleased with that event," Strom said. "I wasn't expecting to place as high as I did."
Among the contaminated coal ash disposal sites is Ameren Illinois' Venice power plant, just across the Mississippi River on the Madison-St. Clair County line. The plant burned coal until the mid-1970s, when it switched to oil. The plant was subsequently converted to run on natural gas, but the legacy of its coal ash pits, which still hold 1.4 million tons of coal waste, remains.
A cell phone was stolen between April 1 and 9 from a woman's purse while she was shopping at a store in the 1000 block of South Kirkwood Road.
Mason has written an unabashed romance, a classic story of a young man who rises from unprepossessing circumstances to win the favor of the rich and prominent. Here is how it begins:
Akron and CSU will each play National Invitational Tournament (NIT) games on Tuesday night that will be televised on ESPN2, it was announced on Sunday night.
Brady: They asked me that on the radio recently. I just finished reading "Moneyball." And "Arrival City," which is about how to integrate emerging, multicultural communities into a whole city.
Details: Open weekends (excluding today), and then daily starting June 11. 1950 Waterworld Parkway, Concord; 925-609-1364; www.waterworldcalifornia.com.
"This is a story!" they shriek. "A scary story! A bloodcurdling story!"
Meanwhile, nine members of Blaine’s robbing crew each pleaded guilty to participating in some facet of his scheme. Two of those accomplices, Tori Moore and Walter Landers, will testify against Blaine at his present jury trial before DeKalb County Superior Judge Clarence F. Seeliger.
6:19 p.m.:
“This is all about transparency and creating a system where we’re actually getting to see what is spent on conferences,” Coburn said in the Senate.
By the end of the year, Mr. Pistole said Precheck will be in place at 35 airports and six airlines, covering most major U.S. airports and airlines. Expansion will continue in 2013, but Precheck probably won't be available at all 450 commercial airports, since many have a small number of travelers each day. "The goal is to cover the broadest cross-section of travelers," he said.
M. Albert Figinski, an attorney for Angelos, called the dissent "powerful and correct."
"We wanted to make sure the truth came out," said Ellen Knowlton, a former special agent in Las Vegas brought on to legitimize the downtown attraction.
"There's about 20 guys just fell through the floor pour. You've got to get down here as quick as possible. ...They fell about 15, 20 foot. Hurry," he said.
He acknowledges that the museum will now be taking up a lot of his time.
In 1944, the Cubs won their first game before losing 13 straight, getting out to a 2-16 start and falling 12 games out of first place before the ivy began to bloom in earnest. The next year, 1945, they wound up winning the National League pennant, the last time the flag was raised at Wrigley.
There was something about my fourth-grade teacher Mrs. (Ruth) Ronning.
Major announcements for today include Ford's new Focus, several Chevrolet small cars and a new Toyota hybrid.
Safety advocates credit LaHood with doing more to raise the visibility of human factors in highway safety -- including drunken driving, drivers distracted by cellphone use and parents who fail to buckle in their children -- than any previous transportation secretary.
Gilchrist sat through a few days of the trial, during which time he met Carona.
Detroit boldly stepped up in the Fielder sweepstakes after the recent knee injury to star Victor Martinez. A week ago, the Tigers announced that the productive designated hitter could miss the entire season after tearing his left ACL during offseason conditioning.
6:45 p.m. May 9 at Clubhouse 5. Club members, free; guests welcome, $3. Refreshments will be served.
Federal investigators have subpoenaed documents from the Senate Democratic Office and Pennsauken Township seeking records and communications concerning the developer of two failed Camden County redevelopment projects.
"Jim has become a unique part of the Oregon wine industry," said David Adelsheim, one of only a few first-generation Oregon winemakers still active in the business. "He came up with the blueprints that the rest of us are still building on."
Our leaders disappointed us in many different ways. Promises were made that weren’t even attempted to be kept.
"I didn't want to get caught up in the total, but, obviously, I came into this year with a goal to reduce it," he said. "I'd tried to work on a sinker in the off-season, but that really didn't work out. So it's going to come down to making better pitches with the ones I already have. It didn't happen against the White Sox."
Ditto for this new "Titanic." After the first hour, the Times of London said of its characters, "Some will live, some will drown. So far, they'll none of 'em be missed." The problem, said the Daily Express, "is that it isn't quite a disaster movie nor quite a drama, either."
Gallagher has already admitted that he funneled bribes to public officials from a developer who had a county contract, from computer and technology companies, and from a construction company working for the Parma school district. He is expected to serve about five years in prison.
The Nuggets played in each of these cities during their recent road trip — and each city's fan base is yearning for the 6-foot-10 savior from Kentucky.
Players earn invites to The Opening in regional camps, and last Saturday in Columbus, Ohio, four future Wolverines did just that. Warren De La Salle quarterback Shane Morris is known as much for his competitive streak as his strong left arm, but taking home an invitation was something that he<U+0092>d yet to accomplish.
The vice president also says talks are on pace to produce deficit cuts exceeding $1 trillion and that the talks will extend to procedural mechanisms known as "triggers" to force further automatic deficit cuts of up to $4 trillion if lawmakers are unable to come up with the savings in future legislation.
"Don was a visionary and giant in our business," producer and composer Quincy Jones said in a statement. "Before MTV there was 'Soul Train'; that will be the great legacy of Don Cornelius. His contributions to television, music and our culture as a whole will never be matched."
"Coach Wooden's Leadership Game Plan for Success: 12 Lessons for Extraordinary Performance and Personal Excellence" — John Wooden and Steve Jamison. (2009)
David Shaff, administrator for the Water Bureau, said about 7.8 million gallons of drinking water will be discarded because of the incident. He originally said that will cost the bureau about $600,000 in lost revenue but later clarified that his math was very wrong, and that the water would have sold for a retail price of almost $28,500, and disposal fees are expected at about $7,600.
Semifinals will be at Englewood High School, and the championship is scheduled for 7:30 p.m. at Dick's Sporting Goods Park on Nov. 9.
"Sometimes it's hard to find the time now. . . . It feels a little hectic. I wouldn't change anything, though. It's like a blessing and a curse, you know? I've gotten used to working a lot. But it's not really work. I love it. In the end, it's always so satisfying."
She debuted on Broadway in 1965 in the musical "The Yearling" and also appeared in "Fiddler on the Roof" and "Annie."
She gently washes and conditions the doll's hair every day and then applies perfume and powder.
Another part of homebuilding the couple enjoyed was choosing the finishings, most of which are in desert tones.
Many businesses say they are ready to step up hiring in early 2012 after seeing stronger consumer confidence and greater demand for their products.
at the circle driveway in Rock Hill Park, 827 N. Rock Hill Road. Contact Al Hayden at 314-968-1410, ext. 8004.
Bravo's typical work ensemble includes a western-style navy shirt with white piping and stars (naturally) and the word "Dreamer" embroidered across the back in hot pink. He wears cuffed and faded jeans over polished two-tone wingtips that resemble spats, like something Fred Astaire might have worn. The shoes are two sizes too big, to allow for multiple pairs of socks for comfort and warmth as he makes his nighttime rounds.
Evergreen, which last won the team title in 2008, started the day on the balance beam, and despite some bobbles, moved through in strong fashion, backing it with a season-best 46.00 on the floor as a team.
The land is in Yolo County, where the Board of Supervisors in 2010 passed a moratorium on habitat projects. Supervisor Mike McGowan said the county was feeling "muscled" by the water agencies and the moratorium was intended to force them to the table. It expires in November, and McGowan said the county is prepared to cooperate as long as its interests are accommodated. These include flood protection and the preservation of agriculture.
516 Edena Av, $54,320
Around 6:13 p.m. Monday, the 54-year-old Garden Street liquor store owner said he saw Michael O’Reilly walking through the store, according to police reports. The owner said O'Reilly swayed into a display holding bottles of Toasted Head Chardonnay Wine and knocked five to the floor that broke, reports said.
The 22-year-old Nishikori became the first Japanese man to advance to the Australian Open quarterfinals in 80 years, and the only the second man from his country to reach a Grand Slam quarterfinal in the Open Era started in 1968. Shuzo Matsuoka reached the 1995 Wimbledon quarterfinals.
Williams really needs to stop watching ‘‘Rudy.''
I would also note that the inclusion of union dues is irrelevant. It seems you are trying to make some point here that has nothing to do with the impact of Measure B. If your point is to demonstrate what the take home paycheck looks like, I would suggest you also include taxes and any deductions for health benefits (which average about $3,100) and are far larger than union dues. If you wish to show union dues, while still ignoring these larger issues, then I would check the figures you are showing. I believe AFSCME is the only union that represents Librarians, and no one in our bargaining unit pays more than $483.12 per year.
But like Brett, the movie never really breaks free.
My short-term memory is deteriorating. Could metformin be responsible?
The Roosevelt campus has three small schools but would open as one big one in fall 2011 under Smith's plan. And this fall, the academies will adopt the same schedule. Williams, principal of the campus's Pursuit of Wellness Education academy, said that will ease communication and offer more flexibility to students who want to take classes in multiple academies.
Corey announced the charges Wednesday after an extraordinary 45-day campaign for Zimmerman's arrest, led by Martin's parents and civil rights activists, including the Rev. Al Sharpton and the Rev. Jesse Jackson. Protesters wore hooded sweatshirts like the one Martin had on the night of the shooting. The debate reached all the way to the White House, where President Barack Obama observed last month: "If I had a son, he'd look like Trayvon."
Indianapolis, who have the first pick in the upcoming NFL draft after finishing 2-14 in Manning's absence, have decided to rebuild and are expected to select highly prized quarterback Andrew Luck from Stanford University with the top choice.
In college, Stock spent time at closer and starter for Southern Cal.
Valley 121 15 — 10 10 2
Only in Vietnam did we buy organized shore excursions, and, with Duc, our excellent guide, the tour to Da Nang and Hoi An — an ancient trading center and now a World Heritage Site — was successful. But it was always good to get back to our ship — "your mobile home," Duc called it.
"This is the cuisine of a traditional New Orleans Creole family from both my mother and father. It is such a melting pot of cultures," she said.
It was a decision that paid off for coach Nate McMillan, who used Camby and Aldridge during last year's playoffs. This time, he went purely with Camby.
Here's are a some of the new happenings in Ocean City for this season:
Exploring a network that would integrate patient care from the independent doctor's office to the operating room. This system also would change the way the hospital is paid to be based on care quality and results, instead of primarily volume. Scottsdale Healthcare is in discussions with Medicare and a couple of private health plans about taking part in pilot programs.
The Los Angeles Laker and former Pacer should be suspended for the rest of the NBA playoffs.
There aren't many adults left in Washington. But Republican Sen. Marco Rubio and Democratic Rep. Corrine Brown might as well be wearing wear Pampers. Those two were among a third of the state's delegation who apparently preferred national default to compromise.
Bouchy said the Preds were interested in Leak, who will turn 27 next week, for a while before signing him.
"We felt really comfortable investing in Kirkwood and thought we could make the numbers work."
Now, the Department of Justice’s Office of Professional Responsibility is expected to recommend whether any of the half-dozen prosecutors should be terminated or disciplined, or absolved, of any misconduct.
Information: www.ltu.edu
Marmol walked a pair and Hunter Pence's infield single with two outs loaded the bases. Marmol then walked Ty Wigginton to force home a run before getting Shane Victorino on a game-ending groundout.
Lautenberg said adequate staffing for the Newark Fire Department is a national safety issue, since Newark Liberty International Airport and Port Newark are considered prime targets for terrorists.
A. Everyone goes to the Metropolitan Museum of Art (www.metmuseum.org) when they visit New York, but I actually prefer the Guggenheim (www.guggenheim.org). You can digest more of it and nothing beats its winding architecture. And the MoMA (www.moma.org). I also love the drama of the lions in front of the New York Public Library (www.nypl.org). If you have any interest at all in writing and authors, they always have incredibly well-done exhibits, using archival material and manuscripts. I would also recommend sitting at one of the chairs in Bryant Park to end the day and relax. You might need it after a long day of walking.
Robert Spawn, 77, of Dobbs Ferry in Westchester County, committed suicide by jumping from M & M Brokerage Services' offices at 555 Madison Ave about 8:30 a.m., authorities said.
He would work 16 hours a day, go back to the shop to sleep on a cot for a few hours, and hit the street again. My mom and I would sometimes bring him lunch in a remote area of the city and he would come out from under a canopy in which he was working and climb down the telephone pole. On some of the worst nights I can remember, our telephone would ring at 2 or 3 a.m. calling him in to work. This year, my dad will be 89 years old, but he still remembers, and so do I, those long, stormy, sometimes snowy, weeks when he was away from his family.
UCF-Small Business Development Center, Bids & Proposals, 6-9 p.m. April 24, $30; Social Media Marketing for Business Success, 6-8 p.m. April 25, $20; The Entrepreneur's Law School, 7:30 a.m.-noon April 26, $30; Business Plan Writing Made Easy, 6-9 p.m. April 26, $30-$50; Start Up Basics, 6-9 p.m. May 3, free; Legal Basics - Legal Business Mistakes & How to Avoid Them, 6-9 p.m. May 8, $30; Financing Basics, 6-9 p.m. May 15, $30; Insurance Basics, 6-9 p.m. May 16, $30; Marketing Basics, -9 p.m. May 17, $30; Bookkeeping and Taxes, 6-9 p.m. May 22, $30; all classes at Orlando Fashion Square Mall. Details: 407-420-4850 or sbdcorlando.com.
The latest battle erupted with the approval this month of a law that created civil and financial penalties against those who voice support for boycott campaigns targeting Israel or its institutions, including West Bank settlements that many in Israel and around the world oppose as an obstacle to peace.
Friday's game would go to overtime before Lutheran (8-1) earned the 61-53 home win.
PUEBLO — A youth movement led by Niwot sophomore Harrison Lang prevailed in the finals of the Class 4A boys state tennis tournament Saturday at the City Park Tennis Complex.
She was unavailable for further comment on Friday.
øBut Harper also has shown he realizes everything he does is scrutinized and magnified, the result not only of being the No. 1 pick in the 2010 draft and commanding a $9.9 million contract, but also of being widely labeled as a once-in-a-generation prospect.
"I broke it," Candace told him. It was a two-CD set.
Nolan Moser, staff attorney for the Ohio Environmental Council, was one of several environmental advocates to congratulate FirstEnergy for the closing. "First Energy has made the right decision, and not just for its bottom line," he said.
The nonpartisan Legislative Analyst's Office said total personal income tax collections would likely be more than $2 billion below Brown's expectation of $9.4 billion for the month. Because the state was already running behind, it would mean the take from income taxes would be $3 billion shy for the fiscal year that ends June 30 compared with Brown's updated January projections.
2009 Brooks Janus Willamette Valley Pinot Noir ($35, 13.8%): Brooks' best-known bottling, primarily from its Amity estate, is still gaining its footing in 2009, but when accessible, it exudes autumnal, dry-leaf aromas and rich black cherry. Complex and pleasantly musky.
Speaking of Tualatin, Kellar and the Jaguars will be looking for revenge after the Timberwolves handed Century its first conference loss of the season, 68-48, back on Jan. 27.
But Monday was the first time that white-nose syndrome was officially confirmed in Missouri.
4. Christie's sympathetic view of Whitney Houston's addictions shaped by rehab center observations. Houston's death and his experience attending her funeral on Sunday strengthened Christie's resolve to set up mandatory drug treatment for nonviolent offenders.
Cleveland Clinic
The governor's proposed budget would give Lake a total of $245 million, which is a per-student rate of $5,944.83. About $147 million would come from the state, and the local tax would bring in about $98 million.
One attorney, Richard Buck, said he would be attending the meeting representing one set of homeowners.
1. Place squash in a small saucepan, cover with cold water and bring to a boil. Cook 1 minute; drain.
Another large reactor operator, the Tennessee Valley Authority, also will be there, as will be Republican U.S. Sens. George Voinovioch of Ohio and Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, and Rep. Lincoln Davis, Democrat of Tennessee. Voinovich has been a leading proponent in the Senate of nuclear power, praising the fact that it doesn't emit greenhouse gases.
That walking stick on Saint Laurent's desk in his atelier? It was a gift from Christian Dior.
Pupusas Maria is in the parking lot of Willy's Furniture, on Eighth Street near the corner of Avenue B. Scant seating forced me to eat my pupusa ($1.50) standing as traffic flowed past, yet it was more delectable than many meals I've had with my knees tucked under a white tablecloth.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo of New York named Patrick Foye, 53, a Long Island resident who is Cuomo’s deputy secretary for economic development, to take over the bi-state agency from Ward at the end of the month.
The man's identity has not yet been released.
Contraflow on state highways 347 and 47 has been ended, and traffic can now flow in either direction.
Jean Ann Fox, director of financial services for the Consumer Federation of America, noted the trend: "The banks said, 'Look at all that money the payday lenders are making off of our customers; why should we share with them? Let's get it ourselves.' "
Speaking in a near-whisper, Fletcher Worrell, 61, told Superior Court Judge Salem Ahto he was pleading guilty to the rapes committed within two months of each other while he was on the lam for a similar 1973 charge in New York.
three-bean salad," wrote Jeanette Camenzind of O'Fallon, Mo. "I know it had chopped parsley and onions in it, and waxed beans, green beans and either red or kidney beans. It had a vinaigrette that was cooked on the stove, and I think it had mustard seeds in it."
Turns out that it doesn't seem to matter which kind you choose -- dark, extra-dark or milk. Eating this delectable dessert regularly could cut your risk of a heart attack by 37 percent, of a stroke by 29 percent and even of diabetes by a startling 29 percent.
“My legacy is more about every move we make,” Pernetti said. ``This will be the seventh coach I've hired in less than three years and I'm banking on every single one of them. ... Naturally, this one will get bigger visibility, but if I had any reservations, I wouldn’t have hired this guy.”
The implication is that if Spitzer had conformed his public performance as a prosecutor to his private peccadilloes, his critics would have been deprived of their most lethal argument -- that he was a "whited sepulcher ... full of all uncleanness." That is the picturesque accusation leveled by Jesus against the scribes and Pharisees, and by my mother against a supposedly philandering priest who had lectured her in the confessional about losing patience with her six children.
I'm starting to worry, but then I meander onto a quiet street and happen to look up. I can hardly believe it: It's a niche toilet carved into a second-story wall. Below it, a terra cotta pipe leads into the ground. I stand in awe.
On a later visit for dinner, things evened out <U+0096> the gazpacho had balance, the risotto was superb and the mussels were exceptional. We also enjoyed a beef stroganoff that was both robust and nuanced.
Fiddler is pretty heavy stuff for a 10-year-old girl, but her mother briefed her on the show before we went. She watched it intently and seemed to enjoy every minute. She surprised me by saying her favorite number was "Matchmaker." I myself prefer, "If I Were a Rich Man," a dream that will never come true.
Gillett thinks HP may now be able to thin out its PC family -- similar to what Steve Jobs did at Apple in order to resuscitate the company in the '90s -- and focus on just a few devices with attractive features.
"This is our chance as a community to work proactively to prevent substance abuse."
Nativity and Petting Zoo: 6-9 p.m. Friday, 6-8 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 12-13. A drive by nativity featuring actors and animals depicting the manager the night Christ was born. Get out of the car to enjoy hot cocoa, coffee, cookies, crafts, and petting zoo. Boulder Mountain Christian Church, 9390 E. McLellan Road, Mesa. Free. 480-986-0006. www.bmcchurch.org.
Speaking with Rowley by phone Thursday, he was ready to move past the incident.
The 36-year-old family-owned gourmet and natural foods chain operates four Portland area locations.
MIAMI — LeBron James took the fourth quarter off. And Miami's postseason got off to a flying start.
Vence first talked about the case Friday morning on the McGraw Milhaven show on radio station KTRS (550 AM).
Brindle said a committee's total spending in a year may go over the total amount they receive because committees can tap into funds from earlier years, or temporarily take on debt.
My favorite lines:
Nadine Levinson, Laguna Niguel, on the 94-yard No. 5, using a 9-iron (April 15)
Dick Polman is a columnist for the Philadelphia Inquirer (McClatchy-Tribune).
Witnesses told police at least one person was seen walking in the area around the time of the shooting before he was "lost in the neighborhood" as police set up a perimeter, Crump said. He is described as a Black male, 5 feet 6 inches to 5 feet and 8 inches tall, and 20 to 30 years old. He was seen wearing a blue baseball cap with red trim, a white T-shirt and baggy blue jeans and possibly has long braids.
<U+FFFD> Bring color to a room inexpensively with pillows.
A set of brass knuckles was found in a storm drain near where the alleged beating occurred. Bail for the seven suspects ranged from $1,000 for Kristie N. Carmignani, 24, to $150,000 for Kevin Roach, 23, and Jason Darvas, 38. Also charged are Matthew Gravner, 27; Ashley M. Onori, 22; Amerigo Paoline III, 31; and Jerome B. Roach, 19. Click here for a full list of charges and bail amounts.
The reception was held at the Hampton Banquet Hall. The couple took a wedding trip to Riviera Maya, Mexico.
Sedgwick Co. 42, Creek Valley, Neb. 0
It's no wonder, the coach has been fired, the team has been sold and the future of franchise is in jeopardy.
Its new voice is the collective song of the 75 children in the after-school Kids Choir.
Council President Maggie Lewis, whose Democratic caucus already has squabbled with Ballard over budget priorities and the recently signed smoking ban ordinance, applauded the Vaughn appointment.
The proposals for common bond issues are unlikely to gain traction soon: Germany, the strongest economy in the common currency, remains resolutely opposed to the idea, fearing it would be stuck with the bill for other governments' spendthrift ways. But the commission's discussion document appears designed to trigger debate on one of the few ideas that economists think offers the prospect of ending the crisis.
Is this vasectomy season? It is if you believe what the Cleveland Clinic says.
As a result of the astronomically high weekend ticket sales, receipts were up 76% compared with the same three-day period last year. The astonishing weekend performance caps a surprisingly strong first quarter at the box office this year, during which movie theater attendance has grown 22% compared with the first three months in 2011.
Newt Gingrich’s surprise victory in South Carolina a few weeks ago forced Mitt Romney to show he could get tough in Florida. Now Rick Santorum’s stunning sweep of three contests on Tuesday night should force Romney to do something far more difficult: transform himself into a leader who can energize his party.
Brown, a Democrat, is a consultant for the Greater Cleveland Partnership, which donated $200,000 to the reform effort that voters overwhelmingly approved last year. She announced her candidacy Tuesday.
"It's time for the private sector to step up and the public sector to help," said Anthony Coyne, the commission's chairman. "We're at a time and place in Cleveland's history where we have to do this."
Christopher Yount picked up the shutout in goal.
What else happened between 5 and 6 Tuesday morning, March 24, 2009, has been reconstructed from vessel tracking reports, information from weather buoys, and interviews not only with José Arias, but with marine experts, other fishermen out there that night, as well as Fuzzy Smith, the co-owner of the Lady Mary, who knew the boat, the crew and the routine aboard the scalloper better than anyone.
Starting pitchers Derek Lowe and Kevin Slowey were acquired in trades. Free agent first baseman Casey Kotchman just signed a one-year deal and outfielder Aaron Cunningham and INF/OF Russ Canzler were acquired in trades.
He had a second to make a decision, maybe two. He made a pass from near the top of the Stanley Cup painted on the Prudential Center ice that hit Ponikarovsky in stride.
The boobirds are back in full force in the Valley of the Sun. Negativity has enveloped the two-time defending NFC West champs. Never mind that amazing Super Bowl run two years ago, it's almost like the bad old days have returned to Bill Bidwill's franchise.
It was a problem he could never solve this season. But it wasn't for lack of trying. As the season wore on, and the losses and margin of losses mounted, McMillan said he was increasingly unable to sleep.
Goodman's wife of 36 years, Shelley Goodman, said that her husband was looking forward to their daughter Carrie's wedding on June 9 in Arizona.
April 21: First training run without music. I'd known I should ditch it, but Paul read me the riot act. Music helps motivate beginner and intermediate runners but interferes with hard training. I need to be fully focused on my body so I can embrace the pain, or something.
Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling water according to package directions; drain. Return pasta to pot. Drizzle with olive oil; toss. Sprinkle with Parmesan; toss. Stir in tapenade; top with gorgonzola.
1525 Sommet Place, $465,000
Richard Conway, a retired Plain Dealer photographer in Solon, was working on the photo desk at the paper that night.
Even though Ohio posted a small increase, it raises the question of whether this was a sign that the weak recovery was stalled. Ohio's unemployment rate had either decreased or remained the same monthly since reaching 10.6 percent in August 2009 and staying there for seven months.
Omar Khalif, field operation supervisor, U.S. Census
Bowen's neighbor to the east, Daniel Valverde, was heading to a motorcycle ride in Tombstone when a neighbor called about the blaze reaching his house.
"All throughout the system, you can't get what you need to help the kids you're caring for," said Kris Jacober, a Phoenix foster parent who heads the Arizona Association for Foster and Adoptive Parents. "There aren't the resources."
Romney's effort begins today when he jets to Charlotte, N.C., which hosts the Democratic National Convention in September. Romney booked a rooftop venue with sweeping views of Bank of America Stadium — where Obama will formally accept his party's nomination for re-election — to deliver what aides are billing as a prebuttal to Obama's nomination speech.
"We had a key situation (on the bunt) that we didn't execute real well, but we learned from it, so we'll know how to handle it next time," Kendall said.
"They started singing when . . . they were just little bitty children," Naomi Womack recalled. I'm very proud of them." Bobby Womack reportedly ducked in and out of the party quickly.
DeShields, who played classical and jazz piano as a child before playing in church, is at work on his first full-length album, "The Real Love Project," which takes its cue from a Bible verse that says love is patient and kind.
Yes, we sit squarely in the Pennsylvania company's "Pierogy Pocket of America," a band that sweeps from Illinois east to the Atlantic Ocean, with most of Ohio in the middle.
A: Let's see - Jeri Lynn plays the oncologist and I play the patient, and we also play their ex-spouses, who are kind of watching everything and keeping up a running commentary. And we each play other characters who are more satiric.
But then Wilson said that the 49ers players showed their great character by standing behind Williams in the immediate aftermath.
“In the Bridgeton High School Class of 1953, there was only one girl who owned a car.
Sophie 103.7 made its debut in the summer of 2007, when KSCF/103.7 flipped from the all-talk Free FM format featuring Adam Carolla, Dennis Miller and Tom Leykis. In the latest Arbitron ratings, Sophie 103.7 was the 19th most-popular station in San Diego.
Expenses for disaster recovery typically come in much later and over the course of many years, he said.
Tan pushed Reyna relentlessly, accepting nothing but her best work. Reyna's English improved, but when she continued to struggle in math, Tan stayed after school to help her catch up.
Activities: National Honor Society ... officates little league wrestling and football.
The first half had enough dramatic twists to establish the game among the rivalry's classic Three Rivers slugfests.
10:13 a.m.: The house is a brick home with a sign out front that says "Welcome home, Alicia" The marchers are on the porch, but haven't tried to enter the home yet, KGW reports.
58-59 .769
Capt. John Prater, head of the Air Line Pilots Association, noted pilots are already subject to FBI background checks. Prater said that based on discussions with TSA officials Monday he was hopeful the agency will soon approve a “crew pass” system that would allow flight attendants and pilots to undergo less stringent screenings.
2. Prepare the crust. Combine butter, 1 egg and 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla; beat with an electric mixer until well blended. Add water, cake mix and flour; beat until combined. Place dough into the prepared pan, and press into an even layer.
For many graduates, staying on their parents' plan is likely to be the best option. "Most employer plans have good benefit packages," says Sara Collins, a vice president at the Commonwealth Fund, a private organization that studies health-care issues. Keeping an adult child on the family policy probably won't significantly affect the premium, his or her existing conditions continue to be covered and the new graduate can keep using the same doctors.
"We are not falling off a cliff in the economy like we were last year," said George Zeller, a Cleveland economic research analyst, in an e-mail. But, "we still are extremely weak in our growth, with job destruction still evident in the weekly new unemployment claims and with manufacturing job losses continuing across Ohio in the latest figures for February Ohio employment."
Rees is one of four possible candidates for the job with Andrew Hendrix, Everett Gholson and Gunner Kiel also involved in the competition this spring.
But almost 80,000 people are on some form of extended benefits, Spivey said. A large number of those people working their way through the unemployment pipeline will result in April's big spike, he said.
Youth Fishing Rodeo
“Is it tougher?’’ acting TCU coach Bill Wuczynski said of CBI life on the road. “Yeah it’s tougher. They did a nice job, and they got a pretty decent crowd for a CBI game.’’
New Broncos cornerback Tracy Porter, a former Saint, is not among the suspensions.
A one-month delay isn't a lot of time for a project that has been in the works for two years, but the postponement irked Jackson because he learned of it by reading a story in Thursday's Plain Dealer. The original deadline for deciding on a medical mart site was Jan. 15. READ MORE | WATCH VIDEO
“Fair and open” could mean anything. While local officials do have to submit written requirements to all interested bidders, there is no way to verify if those criteria are appropriate, if they are applied fairly, or if they are even used.
Per 1/2 cup: 60 calories, 1 g protein, 9 g carbohydrate, 2 g fat (1 g saturated), 6 mg cholesterol, 166 mg sodium, 1 g fiber.
They are a rebuilding team, from all accounts, that has been stout defensively (until last week) in front of veteran 'keeper Will Hesmer (one of only two 'keepers to SCORE A GOAL in MLS history), but not exactly robust on the offensive end.
Yes, even after LeGarrette Blount kicked away a touchdown run. Even after the gun-slinging Kelly opted for a field goal attempt on a key fourth down. And even after Pryor was kissing the trophy while his coach waxed about reaching "the halfway mark" of his prized quarterback's supposed four-year college career with a bowl win.
Springsteen also appeared that year at the festival in the first performance of his Seeger Sessions band. "That 2006 show stayed with me a long, long time," he told a crowd Sunday at Jazz Fest that filled one entire end of the racetrack, perhaps 50,000 strong. "It's a new dawn. It's a new day."
Higher incentives didn't shake buyers from their September slumber. Automakers spent an average of $2,557 per vehicle in the U.S., up $83 from August, according to the auto Web site Edmunds.com.
Whereas in the last two movies, the Hulks were entirely CGI-animated creations, for "The Avengers," Ruffalo went through an experiment of his own to transform himself into the Hulk.
By 7:45 a.m., more than 100 people were waiting outside the Target store in West Hollywood, many wearing sweatpants, stifling yawns and clutching cups of coffee.
If Jake Peavy can just be healthy and contribute a little: Surprise, because Peavy has done more than even he could expect. Of course, it's a long season.
Overall, Showalter said he felt like the Orioles' front office handled things correctly.
The experience is sweetened, though, for dessert. There's really just one option, shpakia ($2.50), which Ghaleb's mother-in-law makes fresh. It's a chewy sesame cookie soaked in honey best washed down with a glass of mint tea ($2.50).
LIBERTY ROAD/LIBERTY HEIGHTS AVENUE
Highlights: It's hard to spend more than $40 on any one item at this sale even when you're buying comforters, quilts, shams, sheet sets, duvets, bed skirts, hooked rugs, ottoman or stool covers, chair pads, coir mats, tablecloths, hand-painted and other goodies. Prices start at 50 cents, with many linen items in the $10, $15 and $20 range.
Moore was arrested and taken to police headquarters where he provided samples of his breath to determine the content of alcohol in his blood, police said.
92: Number of applicants residing in the district but attending a private school
But for this year ... well, damn. This should fun.
"All I know how to do is put on fun, grass-roots events that involve great craft beer, as well as get tons of shoes donated. We'll collect close to 3,000 pairs of near-new and new footwear before our next trip to Ethiopia in a year," Buswell, now an area race organizer, told me.
A section of East Broad was closed because of thick smoke for parts of the morning, but the road reopened around 9:45 a.m. A Norfolk-Southern rail line also reopened around 2:30 a.m. after a brief closure.
An ultra-Orthodox soldier who joined the military four years ago said he did so after some hesitation. Wanting to get ahead professionally, he secretly attended a conference the navy held to try to recruit ultra-Orthodox Jews, he said.
Then Demos connected with Lakel Bass for an 8-yard touchdown pass to push CBC's lead to 24-14 and, following a DeSmet fumble, Brown scored on a 25-yard run to make it 31-14.
Tomasula said today that evidence gleaned from Barger’s cell phone and personal computers show he orchestrated the kidnapping. The men who attacked Muller may have been "prospects" in Barger’s fledgling chapter of the Hell’s Angels, according to Deputy Steve Schlup of the Vernon County, Mo., Sheriff’s Office.
The first 6 million to 7 million doses of the H1N1 will be available the first week, mostly in the form of nasal sprays, with a small amount available in injections. They'll be shipped from five manufacturers to providers such as doctors, pharmacies and schools identified by state governments.
Bangert Memorial Wildlife Area reopens
The seminar will help participants better understand and apply the critical concepts of the 2012 International Energy Conservation Code. These concepts provide a basis for the correct use of the code in design, plan review, inspection and analysis of projects. The seminar will also help provide a clear understanding and correct use of the requirements identified by the basic code provisions, tables and categorizations.
As doctors continued to monitor Giffords' recovery, details emerged about the care she received when she was rushed by ambulance to the hospital.
“This problem may die down for a minute,” she said. “But if we don’t do something concrete, it will rear its ugly head again. Our goal is to end it in my son’s name."
Deven McGraw, director of the health privacy project for the nonprofit Center for Democracy & Technology, applauded Facebook for the organ donor update but said social network members should be very careful about sharing other health information.
Raising money, on the other hand, is like catching. Presentation of the fly matters greatly. However, casting where there are no fish is an exercise in futility, except, you can't know if there are no fish. You have to assume that every cast is right on the nose, with a pink flashabou pattern that they cannot resist. But then there is no take. Like pitching your PowerPoint to the angels who don't fund or the venture capitalists who say they have money, but really don't. They just like to look at the fly. That way they can collect their fees.
Under current state law, they were able to keep their city pensions while they were on a leave of absence and have those pensions based on their much higher union salaries. In return for that lucrative deal, they weren't allowed to get a union pension.
<U+0095> Charles A. of Sugar Land, Texas, says: "An idea for putting wine corks to use is to make a hot pad with a design pattern glued to a corkboard. You can make it any size you wish, and it really is useful for when a turkey is taken from the oven." (Heloise here: Many new corks are synthetic, so you will need to test for heat resistance.)
That's why, at 87, he decided to take the loan officer licensing exam.
On Friday, Burhan Ghalioun, head of the opposition Syrian National Council, accused the government of cooperating with al-Qaida to carry out the Damascus attacks, using the violence as a way to taint the uprising.
Holly Hotel Comedy Club: Steve Iott, with Jeff Arcuri, 8 & 10:30 p.m. Fri.-Sat. 110 Battle Alley, Holly. 248-634-5208. www.hollyhotel.com/comedypage.htm. $10, $12.
"We had no idea how we were going to do it, since we didn't have room in (Swan's) house to get a full tally," Ireland said.
In some cases, transactions were approved by Workforce staffers without ever going to the governing board. In at least one, a board member was deeply involved in his company's efforts to win a contract worth almost $50,000.
An early morning fire left an Oak Grove mother and daughter with “their lives, but nothing else,” said Clackamas County spokesman Steve McAdoo .
"On behalf of the community, I am devastated that we've lost such a promising, optimistic young man," said City Commissioner Dan Saltzman. "Billy was a good kid whose life revolved around family, school, and church."
"While some pharmacies may be billing extremely high amounts for legitimate reasons, all warrant further scrutiny," said the report being issued Thursday.
Look for people who listen well, intuit well, and have the confidence to change direction.
San Jose gymnast Josh Dixon, a promising candidate to make the U.S. Olympic team, has publicly announced that he is gay in a story in Outsports.com.
"As one of our speakers mentioned, raising backyard chickens is a nationwide movement as people are thinking more about sustainability, and are realizing how much healthier our food can be if we have control over it," she said. "And you can't get much more local than your own yard."
The NBC/Wall Street Journal poll found that respondents overwhelmingly preferred the president when asked which of the two candidates is likable, cares about average people, or is looking out for the middle class. The only questions on which Romney led were: has good ideas on how to improve the economy, and could change business as usual in Washington.
Bernanke also said that a House Republican plan to cut spending would reduce economic growth and employment. But he suggested the impact would be limited.
Vice Mayor Linda Milhaven reported no gifts, telling The Republic that she doesn't accept them.
Helen Gray: Well, I’m a private person. I don’t go around talking about myself. Very few of my friends here in Kansas City even know about that part of my life. Anyway, I came to Kansas City and started a new life, marrying and having a child. You don’t go around talking about your past boyfriends.
Chasenkaton was a pastor at Trinity Christian Church in Portland.
During her sophomore year, Regina's season ended in disappointment when an eligibility issue resulted in the Royals being kicked out of the playoffs. Fields was a starting guard on a team some picked to win the state championship.
Even a songwriting performer of Duke Ellington's stature and endurance saw his hit-smithing fizzle. When Ellington's faltering career was revived at the 1956 Newport Jazz Festival, it was not because of the new suite he had written for the occasion, but thanks to a rollicking performance of a decades-old standby, "Diminuendo and Crescendo in Blue."
The crowd ranges from about 35 to 65, with a handful of 20-somethings thrown in. Picture a Tommy Bahama fan-club meeting, mixed with a Real Housewives of New York City fan-club meeting, crossed with a "Cathy" comic strip fan-club meeting.
"The staff has good communication with the parents – they have a system that works really well, and that's what makes this school really good," said Harvey Elementary parent Minerva Mondragon of Santa Ana, who initially considered Catholic school for her two kids. "We always know what opportunities our children have for achieving higher goals academically. They let the parents get involved."
It also was his eighth top-five, another record. He also has 31 top-10 finishes in senior majors, one more than Jack Nicklaus.
For now, wildlife officials are still unsure if they will release animals this spring because a drought is expected this summer.
INDIANAPOLIS — Future NCAA's women's basketball tournaments may not have to going head-to-head against the men's tourney.
Also indicted:
Quoting St. Francis of Assisi, San Francisco's patron saint, Pelosi said, "Lord, make me a channel of thy peace; where there is darkness may we bring light, where there is hatred, may we bring love, and where there is despair, may we bring hope."
Hey, Joe: Let's try to get through spring training first.
His unconscionable sin: putting men on base and then (you won't believe this, but I swear it happened) actually letting them score. Verlander followed eight innings of domination Wednesday afternoon by allowing the Tampa Bay Rays to score in the ninth. He reached for his best when he didn't need it. And he walked off with a 4-2 loss, the first of the year for the Tigers.
Another classy spot is Barolo (1940 Westlake Ave., 206-770-9000, www.baroloseattle.com), in Westlake, where stellar deals include a $14 bottle of wine, $3 pints and a rotating bar menu that features organic buffalo burgers, $5, and a pound of sauteed mussels, $5.50 from 3 to 6:30 p.m. and 10 p.m. to close.
We're always messy! Tourism officials in the Keys are furious at national broadcast media for televising reports about tar balls related to the oil spill washing up on the beaches. Their contention: These tar balls aren't spill-related — we have them all the time! Yeah, that should get folks flocking back to town.
Nearly two weeks after a four-alarm blaze ripped through 300 Washington St. in Hoboken, local business owners and residents will hold a fundraiser tonight to raise money for those affected by the fire.
The Mongolian culture has "the ultimate sustainable agriculture, in my mind," Cackler said. "They breed sheep, goats, horses, cows and, depending on the latitudes, yaks. That combination of animals can destroy the land very quickly. But it's verdant and well managed, because they have a deep and abiding respect for the Earth. They have two main gods: the Earth mother and the eternal blue sky. They don't even wear boots with heels, because they cut the Earth."
"People continue to ask me about it," said Chris Grus, a downtown real estate agent. "We've made calls into the building and would love to see it developed as a condo. But we've never received a return phone call."
"We are alternating between our two main runways, closing one down to clear it and shifting back and forth. But we are still operating," said spokesman Victoria Lupica.
WILLRICH: The criminal statute that makes it illegal to transport, move, conceal, harbor or shield an illegal immigrant is invoked when a person is deemed to be "in violation of a criminal offense" without any distinction between state or federal offense. Therefore, if the driver is cited or arrested for transporting an illegal immigrant, he or she could be charged with the offense of transporting pursuant to SB 1070. A broad reading of the statute may include the other adult occupants as being co-conspirators because they either "encouraged or induced" the girlfriend "to come" if they knew or "recklessly disregarded" that the girlfriend's "coming to, entering or residing in this state" would be a violation of law.
Bogota resident Vinicio Acosta, 29, was headed the same way in his 2005 Ford F-150 pickup.
Ronald Lee Willems, 65, entered peacefully into God’s presence on July 16, 2011, at Providence St. Vincent Hospital in Portland.
Newman earned the win on the mound.
2. Enrico Fermi
Shatner played a tough police sergeant in the ABC series that also starred Heather Locklear.
Doug McDermott scored 20 points for the eight-seeded Bluejays (29-6), who shot 41 percent and couldn't keep up with the hot-shooting Tar Heels.
A copy of the public hearing notice and order initiating the proceeding may be viewed at the BPU website, www.nj.gov/bpu.
"No one's offered me $14 million to stay here," he said. "We haven't gotten any breaks from the city."
"If a citizen walks in on the sexual abuse of a child, his duty as a citizen should be clear," Koster said. "We are all mandatory reporters. When it comes to protecting children, passing the buck should not be an option in our state."
"He shot me," she said. "In the left breast, four inches from my heart."
Sassoon was at his home in Los Angeles with his family when he died Wednesday at age 84, police spokesman Kevin Maiberger said. Maiberger said police were summoned to the home but found that Sassoon had died of natural causes, and authorities wouldn't investigate further.
Aaron Briggs, Greco-Roman 74 kg <U+0096> attends Northern Michigan
For most people, their homes are their most valuable possessions. Now it's easy to compare the value of your home with others in the Kansas City metro area.
He likened the proposal to an "insane yard sale" and questioned the logic of selling state assets during a down economic period when they may fetch low bids.
Suzanne Thompson
"She's more composed, more mature, and more confident." Koeller said. "I think she's worked at her game tremendously hard, and I think it's going to pay off."
When you run long distances, blood in shunted to the legs and less blood flows to the kidneys. Salt regulatory hormones increase, which causes an athlete’s kidney to concentrate their urine with salt and retain free water.
ELYRIA, Ohio -- Home health care equipment company Invacare saw sales increase more than 4 percent during its second quarter, but the company's decision to pay down debt resulted in a $611,000 loss for the three months that ended June 30.
For Day 102, I did a treadmill while watching a few of the latter innings of the Indians' game. I jogged for eight minutes -- the first time I have jogged in two-plus months. A strained muscle in my back, then a pulled quad, kept me on the sideline. Thanks largely to the amazing work of massotherapist Karen Chorba, I have made tremendous progress on both fronts. I cannot imagine where I would be without Karen, whom I have known for years and who has helped expedite my healing from more than a couple of injuries.
Mitt Romney encouraged his supporters to get loud and even storm the gates at Thursday’s debate in Florida, the last nationally televised encounter ahead of a potentially pivotal primary Tuesday.
HILLSBOROUGH — Gov. Chris Christie continues to dismiss suggestions that he should run for president in 2012 despite his comments this week that he knows he could win.
øStrength: You either love opera or hate it, but the lovers have been supportive of Chris' trained voice. "I felt so accepted. I got voted through every time."
jumped 16% as the maker of women's health-care and dermatology products confirmed it is holding preliminary discussions with potential suitors and evaluating options for its business.
Now, Smith, recipient of $8,500 in donations from Dulcich and top Pacific managers since 1999, is advancing a bill he sponsored to grant existing West Coast processors quota rights to divvy up all whiting processed ashore. Also known as hake, whiting --the highest-volume species caught off Oregon shores --is used to make fake crab.
Principal Henry Hamilton said he plans to use the money to set up a college scholarship for students and update the school’s performing arts equipment. He didn’t expect the school to rake in tons of money and said he’s happy with any donations.
"We see a modest glimmer of hope with these data," David Blitzer, chairman of the index committee at S&P Indices, said in a written statement.
Missed signal: The delivery truck driver rolled toward the traffic signal hanging above Cleveland's East 152nd Street at Yorick Avenue. That's when he noticed that something seemed a little off.
They believe that the peace plan's April 10 deadline has given the regime's forces added incentive to wreak as much havoc as possible in the coming days, said Ahmad Aasi, an activist in the region. Activists elsewhere described continued attacks Friday.
It was there, in the Ivy Hill section of Newark, that Iofemi Hightower and Dashon Harvey, both 20, and siblings Terrance Aeriel, 18, and Natasha Aeriel, 19, were hanging out together, "with no specific agenda that night except to have a good time," the assistant prosecutor said.
It says Kmiec's "unconventional approach" to being ambassador has upset State Department officials, "especially over his reluctance to accept their guidance and instructions." The ambassador has rebuffed their suggestions because he believes he was given a special mandate to promote Obama's interfaith initiatives, even as embassy staff must "spend an inordinate amount of time reviewing his writings, speeches and other initiatives."
Contrary to popular belief, Alzheimer's is not part of the normal aging process. Although gradual, it progresses more rapidly than natural aging. And when enough brain cells die, it causes dementia. Morris, Bateman and other researchers have spent years trying to pinpoint the earliest signs of the disease.
The Los Angeles City Council approved a motion on Wednesday aimed at outlawing reckless skateboarding or "bombing."
"He's one of the best receivers in the game, when featured,'' said running back Kevin Jones, a Lions teammate of Williams. "He's a beast. Teams just need to cater to his skills, and not the other way around.''
"Had a chance to win the game, we just came up a little short," manager Dale Sveum said. "I think Castro just got caught looking breaking ball on that last pitch, and Axford got a fastball by him. It was nice to at least get something going and having a chance there."
NEW YORK (AP) -- Beastie Boy Adam Yauch has what is described as a "very treatable" cancerous tumor in his salivary gland. An announcement came Monday from the group, which is canceling its tour dates and postponing an album release.
Everyone searches for that epiphany, that moment of clarity when all external forces, mystical and real, align. But when searching for an impetus Monday, Izzo reverted back to what he called "the power of chemistry." Some teams simply heal faster emotionally than others. Some teams see adversity as an opportunity for growth. Some teams simply refuse to fall apart when fate challenges their fortitude.
Hanson was sizing up a difficult chip from right of the first green when Augusta erupted in cheers from down below. No one was sure what it meant until Hanson and Mickelson hit their tee shots on the par-5 second, glanced over at the white leaderboard behind the eighth green and saw that Oosthuizen had gone from 7 under to 10 under ahead of them.
Former state Sen. Bill Schluter, a member of the commission and an outspoken advocate for ethics reforms, said Albano’s request "smacks of favoritism."
"It's a special day, especially for a guy like me," said Acta. "It has a lot of meaning for me."
The grind of the travel and the break from family hasn't been easy, but the Blazers say they have grown closer as a team over the first week of the trip.
In June, Oquan Blake allegedly killed a 7-month-old girl in Newark, three months after a warrant was issued for him for skipping out on parole.
<U+0093>When we first started doing this show,<U+0094> says Roth, <U+0093>we thought if we did this right we could become the Weight Watchers of the 21st century.<U+0094>
The push coincides with the release last week of a Quinnipiac University poll that found voters approved of the bailouts by a 53 percent to 41 percent margin. Half of those voters said they believed the bailouts were a success. The poll, which had a margin of error of 1.9 percent, showed divisions along party lines. While 78 percent of Democratic voters favored the bailouts, 59 percent of Republican voters said the government should not have intervened.
1/2 cup fresh cilantro, chopped
Without Rajon Rondo or Ray Allen, Paul Pierce put the Celtics on his back, scoring 36 points and grabbing 14 rebounds to lead Boston to an 87-80 victory over the Hawks in Game 2 of their Eastern Conference quarterfinal matchup at Philips Arena.
He made some waves at the time by pointing out the absurdity of government inefficiency, noting freshwater and saltwater salmon were regulated by different agencies.
AC Milan Junior Camp Americas Elite 7, Samba Soccer 0
Her support network included her probation officer, counselors, teachers and volunteers who encouraged her to pursue an education. In the fall, she will begin classes at PCC. She works as a concession manager at the Rose Garden and wants to go into nursing or social work.
Such is the conviction that led to the birth of a modern-day election integrity movement, of which our nonprofit and nonpartisan group, True the Vote, is a leading voice. This past weekend, we held our second national summit, bringing together some of the nation's foremost election experts with some 350 leading activists from more than 30 states to discuss the scope of election fraud and what we can collectively do to protect one of our most basic rights as Americans.
"While we make it fun, it isn't a come-and-goof-off camp. If Mom just is looking for someplace to put their kid for a bit, it's not for them. It's a working environment."
What's special about University Heights?
Looking back on 2011, I'd be hard pressed to say it wasn't a good year. And yet I still see huge room for improvement.
The Garcias watched the other Melchor children while the parents dealt with the emergency of finding Giovanni in the pool.
“At this point we don’t have any reason to believe there’s anything going on that needs attention,” she said.
Sales tax revenue on gasoline for cities and counties rose 22.5% for the fiscal year that ended Sept. 30. And a change in the tax formula two years ago is ensuring that the state per-gallon gasoline excise tax revenue stays even with fuel-price inflation.
Yes, but playing against quarterback Andrew Luck will be different. Crichton is well aware of Luck's reputation, and the fact he will be the No. 1 NFL draft pick. "It's an honor really, it's really an honor for me to play against him,'' said Crichton. "It's a great opportunity for me and for the rest of the defense to play against him.''
environmental influences.
She, too, saw more fleas this winter and expects a bumper crop of ticks.
When I would go around and collect things to wash from the laundry basket, I couldn't help noticing that, 99.9 percent of the time, the kids' clothes were suspiciously free from stains and sweet-smelling.
The rise of the modern restaurant in the late 19th century, with a cadre of cooks organized in quasi-military fashion, changed all that. Chefs and diners were separated, and the Great and Powerful Oz stayed behind the curtain.
Q: Hey, Tony: Were you surprised at Mike Adams' comments this week and are they indicative of his character? In a world of me-first athletes, I found his tone refreshing and will be rooting for him this year. -- Steve Cornelius, Avon Lake
Smith: The mayor's office has to have an arts policy advisor.
She said the state’s “careful, and legitimate scrutiny” of the proposed sale is what doomed it.
The situation explodes with the introduction of Razieh's volatile husband into the mix (Shahab Hosseini, who may be a bit over the top), a man who's as steadfastly protective of his wife as he is unstable emotionally.
But Sen. Mark Wagoner, a Toledo-area Republican, said economic development efforts in the budget, including changes to the state's private JobsOhio board, will net more jobs for Ohioans.
Most of them drive.
On one occasion we enjoyed a tender pot roast ($18) with three hunks of meat sitting on about a pint of mashed potatoes, green beans and baby carrots, all smothered in gravy; it was an all American classic done well - yet on another visit, the braised pork cheeks ($15) needed stronger oversight in the kitchen. The meat was tough and the bacon-fried rice with peas and potatoes had the texture of mushy couscous. Still, for $15 it was a good deal, and with a little more care it could have been exceptional.
"We just had our perspiration, which Thomas Edison always said you need in projects like these," Wolf said.
Ziaja said ODOT "heard enough about it" to make the change at the Bedford Heights spot that is just before the two highways merge. Look for guardrails to go up this summer as crews extend an existing guardrail that bends around a curve near the slope.
He left The Times in 1981 and was appointed director of information for the AFL-CIO. After a brief stint as public affairs director for Radio Free Europe-Radio Liberty, he moved to Singapore in 1987 to consult for the Straits Times.
The Arizona Accord's five principles recommend:
However, further cuts to state funding could affect the district, school officials said. About 56 percent of the district's 6,535 students ride buses.
If the employee is doing a great job, we really have no reason to make a change, right?
Q. What's the meaning behind the name?
I was fortunate to know Ernie. I can't say I knew him better than anybody else, but I did know him, and I feel comfortable saying: He loved the attention that came with being Ernie Harwell. I always thought that was one of his best attributes.
Cashiers, N.C. -- We gazed at the waterfalls from above and admired them from below. We hiked to them, drove to them, photographed them.
Capt. Christer Lindvall, president of The International Federation of Shipmasters<U+0092> Associations, said he was not surprised about the findings but stressed that there are no rules stating that women and children should be rescued first.
David Backes leads the forwards in average ice time at just over 20 minutes per game. Overall, Backes ranks 132nd in the NHL in that department, 29th among forwards. The next busiest Blues forward is T.J. Oshie, who is 159th overall and 44th among forwards with 19:28 per game.
3025 Rolla Place, $6,000
Like many skewered dishes, satay thrives as a street food in Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia and South America, where small stands dot the street corners in Lima, Peru, and other South American countries , hawking a variety of skewered items from portable charcoal grills.
Someone at the Revolve in St. Petersburg sorted through a shopping bag full of clothes for teens and adults and ended up paying $10 for a Lilly Pulitzer skirt, American Eagle jeans, an oversized pink purse and a sleeveless dress.
22. Dre' Kirkpatrick, CB, Alabama, 6-1, 186. His arrest following the season on marijuana charges -- the charges were later dropped -- still troubles teams as does the fact he had no interceptions this past season. Saban rode him hard to keep him focused during his career with the Crimson Tide, so some wonder how he'll be with a hefty paycheck in the NFL. But his size, speed and big frame are too much for many defensive coordinators to pass on.
After the verdict was read,
Cowboys
"It's Samoan pride," Seau's sister, Annette, told you then. "My father learned it from his father. It's just wrong to fail, wrong. You're supposed to excel over 100 percent. That's what Samoan children are taught. That's what Junior was taught."
Special prosecutor Angela B. Corey was appointed by Florida Gov. Rick Scott to take over the investigation and filed the charge last week. In Florida, second-degree murder is typically charged in the event of a death stemming from a fight or confrontation that does not involve premeditation. It can result in a life sentence when a gun is used.
"The way that we judge pledge compliance is based on the overall revenue impact of a given piece of legislation," Culling said. "So some taxes can go up. . . but others have to come down in the same piece of legislation in a way that the overall net revenue impact for the state of Ohio is either revenue neutral or a revenue cut."
several familiar characters embarking on new adventures in films
How’s this for his answer: A 5-2 Mavericks’ win behind a three-goal opening period to reclaim control of the series and inch within one victory of reaching the President’s Cup Finals.
The issue of coal export from western states almost slid by under the radar. But the media has picked up on this dirty scheme, including a front-page article in The Oregonian ("Kitzhaber asks feds to review NW plan," April 26), followed by an editorial urging caution ("Deciding wisely on coal exports," April 30).
Schoeny, a former economic planner for the Ohio Department of Development, said regional cooperation makes good economic sense but also fits Beachwood's pattern of development.
"Everybody is getting tired of the idea of constant war and people dying all the time. It's not something I'm just going to stand by and watch," he said.
Tax records were reviewed for 558 companies that received money from the Troubled Asset Relief Program, and 130 owed back taxes when they entered the program in 2008, said the report by J. Russell George, the Treasury Department's inspector general for tax administration. Five companies accounted for $227 million in unpaid taxes.
"It is a bit of an anachronism, but it's sort of an essential one because it provides a public service," said Bill Willingham, a former historian for the Army Corps of Engineers. "It's such a unique piece of Oregon history, and it's managed to continue to function. It would be a shame to lose it."
Then former Cardinal Brad Thompson, an important part of the Cardinals' staff a few years ago, was treated roughly in a four-run eighth, which was highlighted by Jon Jay's three-run homer. Thompson is in the Twins' minor-league camp after missing a year following Tommy John elbow surgery.
The assemblyman said the evaluations would not necessarily require urine or blood tests, which are used to screen for a variety of steroids.
The lucky individual kept to the shadows Saturday as Red Bud residents publicly speculated whether the mystery winner was someone they knew - chances were good in a small town - or someone just passing through, perhaps en route to work or to visit an inmate at the maximum-security prison just down Illinois Route 3.
This tasty Chardonnay with a tropical bent is a medium-bodied white that needs food. Try it with grilled shrimp or chicken.
-- 1 or 2 thin pieces of fresh ginger
Trubachik became first PSU male athlete to qualify for the NCAA Championships since the school returned to the Division I level in 1997. In the NCAA decathlon, he qualified for the USA Championships.
"I was scared," DeMott said during a recent interview at the Marquette Branch Prison, where we were separated by glass and communicated through phones. "I just ran out of the store and took off down the street." Police arrested him a few blocks away but never recovered the toy gun.
BENEFITS OVERHAUL
Merkel also spoke by telephone Tuesday with Papandreou.
“These pancakes are something else, I’ll tell you,” Romney marveled as he pointed out the 16-inch behemoths. “These pancakes are as large as my win in Puerto Rico last night.”
Just received my copy of Draft magazine in the mail, noticed the featured story - "America's 100 Best Beer Bars'' - and immediately flipped to page 66 to see which Jersey bars made the list.
Through an elegant series of experiments, Dulbecco showed that the DNA from the polyoma virus became integrated into the DNA of the host cell, where it was replicated intact every time the cell replicated. Moreover, the viral DNA served as the blueprint for a small number of proteins that subverted cellular machinery, causing the cells to reproduce repeatedly — the hallmark of tumor formation.
Meanwhile American Crossroads, a Republican group that supports Romney, released a video ad that took aim at Obama's "cool" image, casting the president as a jet-setting celebrity at a time when many Americans are struggling under his economic policies.
“We hope this is an anomaly,” he said of the West Linn closure. “But I don’t think anyone is making any wild predictions in this economy."
Growing up in Las Vegas, I had my first gambling experience at a very young age, and the first lesson I learned was about "stop loss" vs. "stop win." The concept is simple and yet often tough to stick with. The general principle is to set a maximum amount that you can afford to lose for that session, but not to put a cap on the amount that you can win. During your positive gaming sessions, you want the sky to be the limit for your winning potential.
-- On foreign-based airlines, "free" companion tickets typically require that the companion pay a fuel surcharge. On a program like the AmEx Platinum Card business-class companion ticket deal, that charge could well hit the "free" ticket with an added $1,000 to $2,000.
"When you're searching for a sound, you want to build around someone's natural tendencies, as opposed to laying down the band and fitting her into what the band's doing," Beckler says. "Here's a microphone, just sing the song, play it like you play it and let's find how to make what you do come across."
That year I had started getting serious about bicycling, and carried a touring bike with me on the band's bus. I was riding every day, in whatever city we were playing, or into the countryside on days off. An important milestone for a long-distance cyclist is a "century" -- riding 100 miles in a day -- and all that spring and summer I had been building up to that challenge. I did my first 50-mile ride in Kansas, then 75 miles in the St. Louis area.
Artistic director Michelle Hensley stirred up considerable interest in New York when she brought her Ten Thousand Things aesthetic to a production of "Measure for Measure" for the Public Theater last year. Hensley will stage the show when her theater company opens Sept. 27-Oct. 21. Luverne Seifert, Sally Wingert and Sonja Parks head the cast.
In addition, HUMC spokeswoman Joan Quigley added Sunday (12/18) that a police officer was treated for shortness of breath and a displaced resident was treated for smoke inhalation. Both were released Saturday, she said.
Updated at 6:20 p.m.: About 50 Occupy protesters are being escorted east on Market Street toward Kiener Plaza by police.
The zone is generally bounded on the north by 126th Avenue N, although sections extend as far as Ulmerton Road. On the south, the boundary is generally at 62nd Avenue N, although some portions extend to 58th Avenue N. The eastern boundary is jagged, extending in places to U.S. 19 N; in others, to 28th Street N; and to various places in between. The western limits are also jagged, extending a bit west of 66th Street in places, to Belcher Road in others and to 78th Street N in sections.
The government obtained the warrants when it provided Sterling Bancshares with $125.2 million at the height of the financial crisis in December 2008. The Houston-based bank repaid its bailout in May 2009.
I asked him how he can he expect his team to rebound given the recent losing streak and a short week to prepare against California. "There are two things," Erickson said. "No. 1, we're mathematically still in it. If you win (Friday), you have a chance. But even more than that, we have 22 seniors playing their last football game here in Sun Devil Stadium that have been here for a long period of time. They've put a lot of blood, sweat and tears into this program."
On July 21, Campbell was released from rehab. By the time he returned home and after he checked phone messages -- including one from someone he owed money for drugs -- he was dashing out the door, again. He had one obligation: to attend an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting.
Good fortune this prolific can't be chalked up to luck. Along with his many talents—so numerous that he hasn't perhaps had the will or wherewithal to focus exclusively on any single one in a way that would leave an indelible mark—he has a rare genius for friendship. The warmth with which he speaks of Laurie and Thompson gives you a sense of why audiences across the board have found him so companionable. He does natter on about himself in an loosely edited flow, but more genial company would be hard to find.
NORTH OLMSTED Police say a man who allegedly tossed a Molotov cocktail at his ex-girlfriend’s house is no stranger to the city jail, and federal weapons charges could still result from the March 20 incident at the woman’s home.
Drilling hasn't been allowed since 2008, when the state began an environmental review of high-volume hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, which frees gas from shale by injecting a well with millions of gallons of water mixed with chemicals and sand. After drillers poured into Pennsylvania in 2008, environmental problems including methane-contaminated private water wells, salt in rivers from wastewater dumping and spill-polluted streams prompted regulatory reforms in that state and touched off a vocal opposition movement in New York.
Though his famous father died when Stephen was only 8 years old, he has written a memoir called "Bogart: In Search of My Father," which pairs his own remembrances with those of celebrities of the time. He is also the author of two novels, "Play It Again" and "Here's Looking at You, Kid." A resident of Naples, Fla., where he sells real estate, Bogart has also worked in television news.
"Well, we have a few looks on him," Pietrangelo said. "We've watched a lot of video on him. I don't know if I want to give it away to you, but we think that we can find a way to get it past him. He's only human, but they're probably saying the same thing about 'Ells' right now. We've just got to find a way to get in front."
The 13-member commission is redrawing the state’s congressional districts. Since New Jersey’s population growth has not kept pace with faster-growing states, the Garden State is losing a seat.
Intel rarely lets outsiders inside its fabs for fear of giving away secrets to its manufacturing process. To outsiders, the windowless fabs are mysterious and opaque.
The Tribune filed about 60 Freedom of Information Act requests to get the year, make and model of driver's ed cars. The newspaper then compiled the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety crash test ratings for each car used in 2010 and 2011 and pressed districts for specifics about their cars. Some districts — particularly those that leased their cars from area dealers — did not maintain comprehensive records.
Grisham, in his own soft musical Mississippi tones, replied: "It's a sweet story."
Hale had the voice to bring it back. He could simultaneously be pretty and menacing, tuneful and tough. His outro to the sixth track on "The Chronic" was an outright challenge; an invitation to throw punches. "Regulate," his 1994 collaboration with rapper Warren G, told the story of a gunfight.
"The first stage is to determine if the plant hopper can establish self-sustaining populations," he said. "It will take several years to determine this."
The next big Occupy action will come Tuesday, when activists from San Jose to Santa Rosa are expected to converge on San Francisco to protest at the annual Wells Fargo shareholders meeting. Their demand that the bank stop foreclosing on homes and pay more corporate taxes will be preceded the night before by rallies involving music and film screenings in front of Wells Fargo's headquarters on at Montgomery and California streets.
Patrice Sayre, the board<U+0092>s chief business officer, said abolishing the scholarship money, received this year by more than 25,000 undergraduate students, could raise tuition, drive down enrollment and thus lower revenues.
Ikerman's lawyer, Ed Unsell, said the defense will show that Donald Lee Legens, 34, who was killed, was either high or coming off a high on crack cocaine, and drunk, when his purple Kia Sportage ran out of fuel and stopped in the roadway with his son inside. Donald Legens Jr., 9 months old, died three days after the crash. The victims lived in Granite City.
Ron Boss
Getting the children to school is the biggest hurdle and the most important step.
News Corp. shares rose during the hearing, as Mr. Murdoch's sometimes slow responses and blame-shifting fueled the perception that he may step aside soon as chief executive, perhaps to be succeeded by Chief Operating Officer Chase Carey. Shares finished up 5.5% to $15.79 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Putin has been a key backer of Sochi's bid to host the Olympics and has personally overseen most of the preparations.
House Republicans immediately jumped on Goyal’s statement with Rep. Ron Amstutz, a Wooster Republican, even invoking PolitiFact Ohio saying that should be awarded a Pants on Fire rating.
QUINTON COPLES, DE, NORTH CAROLINA.
Attorney General Pam Bondi's office confirmed this week that it is formally investigating the case in Pasco — and closely monitoring developments in Central Florida as well.
When the final whistle blew, Chelsea had managed a 2-2 draw at Barca's hallowed Camp Nou. The result left a team that was seen as perhaps the greatest of all time a goal short in the home-and-home semifinal. Chelsea won the opening leg last week at Stamford Bridge in London 1-0.
“Ted”
Robert V. Rucinski of Berkeley Heights passed away at Overlook Medical Center, Summit, on Thursday, April 5, 2012 at the age of 75.
Everyone — and I mean everyone — wants to be acknowledged. For many, many years, specifically for African Americans, we were not allowed to look at white men in particular but anyone in the dominant culture, in the eyes.
Those are just three of many examples.
His best finish at the British Open since his victory was a tie for 42nd in 2001. His best Masters finish was a tie for 15th in 2003.
Jung: "Personnel."
Having culled the lamb from the flock, he goes back the next day to the parking lot to wait for her. Sure enough, Tommie, a latchkey kid who lives in a rundown apartment building in a working-class Chicago suburb, comes looking for him. Lamb tells her his name is Gary.
When: 3 p.m. Sunday, April 22.
The dogs were taken to the ASPCA's Bergh Memorial Animal Hospital for treatment, and now weigh about 27 pounds each.
We're getting used to hearing crossover music at Chamber Music Northwest, the uptown classical music festival. Edgar Meyer set us up years ago with his bass-inspired music that riffs off Bach and other classical composers. Then there's fiddler Mark O'Connor, who brings a bluegrass sensibility to his duos, trios and quartets with the festival's classical players.
Hey, Paul: On a serious note, I understand the fans' passion is so feverish that they care about uniform style and color. I get that. When I first started answering uniform questions, I heard from so many people that disagreed with my opinions, or my answers, that it became a waste of time to field them anymore. When I'd point out the all-white look was the traditional style preferred by Paul Brown, they would quibble with the width of the stripes, the color of the facemask, etc. Thus, my moratorium on all uniform questions, with very few exceptions.
2. The Usual Suspects (1995) Roger "Verbal" Kint: A dogged cop pursues five career crooks and a crooked cop who are tied to numerous thefts, a couple of dozen dead sailors and a mysterious villain named Keyser Soze. Spacey got the supporting-actor Oscar for what is really the film's lead. (Note: Pete Postlethwaite, who played Mr. Kobayashi, died Sunday at age 64.)
Gregory B. Cotten
Razzano agrees. "To me, he's a potentially solid starter, but to take a guy in the top 10 that's potentially solid, I don't know," he said.
Several sites make an ostensible fuss that you have to be "recommended" for membership, but getting into the system is the least of your worries: They all want your money.
Wu appeared first on KGW's (8) "Straight Talk," before heading to KATU (2). Later, he interviewed live at KPTV (12) at 5 p.m. and then at KOIN for the 6 p.m. broadcast. He refused to talk to print reporters.
Simpson said Turnpike management was evaluating the cost effectiveness of the proposal and was not prepared to discuss its merits.
Dipoto is scouring the trade market but called the prices for impact arms "prohibitive." The GM tried to trade Abreu this spring, but there wasn't much demand for a 38-year-old whose skills are in decline.
"Obviously I'm doing something against them that's not working," Dunn said. "I feel fine in the box, but when I do get a pitch to hit, I miss it. Probably pulling off a little bit against the lefty."
GOP lawmakers and Brewer's office pointed to the ill effects of the housing downturn as justification for taking $50 million from Arizona's share of the National Mortgage Settlement to help boost the state's coffers. Intent language in the budget says the state will direct the money to housing-related agencies.
3510 OLD STRAUBE LANE $245,000
Matt Fuentes
is an abridged version of the book, clocking in at 3½ hours. And this time, director John Collins' relentlessly inventive production feels like a real theatrical experience and less like a glorified book on tape.
"A new public school can be built on the bond credit of the city. That's not available to charters," said Sharp, who is also the president of Imagine's real estate arm. "To build a school or open a school or refurbish a building like we've done in St. Louis, that's difficult."
The Oregon Republican Party, seeking to become more competitive in a state where most major offices are held by Democrats, announced Monday that it will open its May primary for three statewide offices to non-affiliated voters.
Hartford Courant
But that is unlikely if consumers remain worried about the economy slipping back into another recession.
Imaginative and colorful nicknames for ballplayers, once a baseball staple, are disappearing, going the way of the spitball, the stirrup sock and Sunday doubleheaders.
There have been reports over the last year that Deutsche Telekom has been looking at radical moves to let it get more value out of its U.S. holding, including a possible combination with Sprint Nextel Corp. or some other U.S. partner.
Plaintiffs in lawsuit, Walczak said, "put a lie to the commonwealth's claim that no one will be affected by the law."
Haith also thought Mizzou lacked moxie and sheer toughness against the Wildcats, but he meant it beyond the physical sense.
She told the Daily Mail newspaper: ''Oh Chris is wonderful and he's so good with their children. He's taught them those good English manners.''
Robert & Clara Hauser
The 17-year-old junior had come from the school's leadership class, where she and 25 other teens chose which family in need would get the money the students hoped to raise during the last three weeks of February. Sarah, as chair of the selection committee for Share the Love, had to call the nominated families now and tell two of the three they were not picked.
The Answer: You can save for all three at the same time, depending on your resources and your goals.
Jennifer Laszlo Mizrahi's five steps for dealing with Iran are steps to confrontation disguised as an alternative to war ("Five steps to isolate Iran," Dec. 6). Sanctions are self-evidently counter-productive as a means to stop or alter Iran's nuclear research and development when the motive behind sanctions is punishment or regime change. The premise of the sanctions — that the problem is with Iran exclusively — ignores the nuclear neighborhood that Iran lives in and our own desire to dominate the region.
While asking about the DREAM Act, Dad pauses and Mom jumps in.
Dunham said the 300 means a lot because his teammates have taught him so much. Dunham had games of 223, 199 and 300 for a 722 series during the team event.
The Beach Boys finest hour as a post-Phil Spector Christmas band eases in with a big wall of breathtaking harmonies. But the song itself is more upbeat than that as they tell of a man who stumbles across Santa's workshop late one night. "And he saw through the window a sight. A big man in a chair and little tiny men everywhere." The harmonies are gorgeous on that "big man in a chair" part but what really seals the deal is the overpowering backing vocals going "bop" the second beat of every measure on the chorus.
The Secret Place
Stress fractures, especially early on, are not seen on X-rays. An MRI scan demonstrates them.
To say the Constitutional sharpshooters from Lincoln High School won the national "We The People" title seems somehow inadequate. The point spread between Lincoln and the second place finisher was greater than the distance between second and 10th place.
(Seattle and Columbus out of draft after having two players selected in draft)
Community Florist provides floral arrangements sold in gift shops at Banner Health hospitals and clinics, lobby flowers at Phoenix office buildings and for corporate banquets and conventions.
548 Eagle Manor Ln, $520,000
Until now, only a handful of depositions from robo-signers have come to light. But the sheer volume of the new depositions will make it more difficult for financial institutions to argue that robo-signing was an aberrant practice in a handful of rogue back offices.
NEWARK — Authorities are investigating the shooting deaths of two men at a Newark social club early this morning.
Round 7: No. 4, 211th overall; No. 38, 245th overall (compensatory pick), No. 40, 247th overall (compensatory pick)
Those moving into Olivette as residents are still required to obtain an occupancy permit, however.
But maybe the more important point is how Hossa is feeling after getting clobbered by a repeat offender who wasn’t punished harshly enough for previous offenses.
The Tigers, though, can counter with an ace that doesn't allow many base runners. Senior righty Chad Gendron has been impressive. He has an ERA under 1.00, and he's also struck out 42 batters in 30 innings pitched. He's 4-0 with two saves.
"It was a definite boost at the end of the day, to see him finish second," Busch smiled.
The center is named after Abby Sobrato, who died two years ago from pancreatic cancer. The former Walden West board president became involved with Walden West about 15 years ago and was always a champion of science education, Saso said.
"I am in a competition in which I must give new breath of life to my country and a new commitment to Europe," he added.
By early afternoon, 10 bears had been killed at the Whittingham Wildlife Management Area, according to Larry Herrighty, assistant director of operation for fish and game.
It was the first time Pirtle-Hall, who lives in St. Charles, won a marathon, an event she has competed in since 2007. She said she felt great before the race but was a little nervous. The first few miles she ran beside a friend from the University of Missouri. She then paired with a former teammate from Lindenwood University for several miles before she pulled away from the coed pack.
The safety protections come in addition to measures that promoters agreed to for three raves scheduled before the ban took effect, which included hiring doctors and nurses to work on site, enforcing a minimum age of 18 and ending the events at 2 a.m.
Diners may not have heard of many of the wines, which are divided by regions. Owner Roscoe Skipper has the courage to put the 2006 Barbolini Grasparossa di Castelvetro Lambrusco ($25) on the menu, a varietal most people know only as Riunite. Yet it's a brilliant selection, with dry fruit and enough fizz to adapt well to many dishes.
First-quarter net income rose 29 percent to $3.16 billion, or 56 cents a share, from $2.44 billion, or 43 cents, a year earlier. Analysts on average had estimated profit of 46 cents. Sales increased 25 percent to $12.8 billion, compared with an average prediction of $11.6 billion.
The top of the 8th
Some critics dismissed Kadafi as mad, and pointed to unsubstantiated reports of frequent mental breakdowns. Others believed he was simply obsessed with his self-proclaimed assumption of the mantle of Nasser's pan-Arab movement, which had lost its credibility elsewhere years earlier.
Open for dinner 6-9 p.m. Wednesday-Monday and until 9:30 Friday-Saturday. (Bar Terra opens a half hour earlier and stays open a half hour later). Full bar. Reservations and credit cards accepted.
The answer is "yes" to all three questions, said Mallory Lykes Dimmitt, 35, descendant of a Florida ranching family and a conservation director with the Nature Conservancy. With the housing slump and Great Recession having diminished development pressure throughout Florida in recent years, there's a sliver of opportunity to secure the missing pieces of land between the patches of swamp, forest and grasslands already protected.
Rebecca A. Dale, Daniel William Dalton, Erica Lynn Dalton, Joshua Ryan Danback, Kathryn Margaret Darst, Cathryn Paige Daugherty, Clifford J. David, Alexander Stein Davis, Ashley Anne Davis, Jane Athey Davis, Jennifer Marie Day, Kristen Ann Day, Victoria S. Day, Katherine Elizabeth DeCarli, Casey Edward Decker, Anna Marie Delabar, Elizabeth S. Demse, Helen Patricia Demse, Hayley Nicole Dennis, Olivia Marie De Priest, David Andrew Deroode, Ian Dale Dietrich, Phillip Anthony Digasbarro, Gaspare Samuel
“My colleagues love music — it boils down to that,” he says. “When Metallica straps on the guitars and Lars gets behind the drum set, it’s like teenagers in the garage again. The jokes start flying around with the old-school riffs, whether it’s Iron Maiden or UFO.
Seaver, in an explosive e-mail to the mayor recently, argued that Kruger tampered with evidence during the pending civil lawsuits by taking the plaques down, and the city attorney's office "hid them and covered it all up." He urged the mayor to read Barkley's report.
But Sweeney said there was "not a chance in hell I will ever put a bill up that would allow a civil rights issue to be put on the ballot."
But a senior Democratic House aide, speaking on background, said, "She basically has to come out for Murtha. ... He has become known for his Iraq stance. It's smart for her to give a nod to that."
But questions posted by the FDA on Tuesday, ahead of a public meeting later this week, show the agency still has safety concerns. The agency will ask a panel of advisers Thursday whether Arena has provided enough data to address the risk of tumors seen in animals. The agency will also seek expert opinions on new data about heart risks.
Tangible awards.
Already the oldest player to appear for Aston Villa, American goalkeeper Brad Friedel set the Tottenham record at 40 years, 350 days. The previous age record for the north London club was set by Jimmy Cantrell, who was a day younger than Friedel when he made his final appearance in 1923.
“It’s cheaper to do as one project than as three projects, and it’s less obstructive to residents,” Sworen said.
In the football season's first week, Baylor beat TCU, and Houston beat UCLA. Were you shocked?
"When we moved, my parents liked to travel. Some families never left the area around the base, but we went everywhere - the Netherlands, Belgium, France. We ate a lot of good food," Higgerson says.
Fresh ingredients are great, but stacks are a natural for leftovers. Consider a theme, such as Asian or Italian.
Peyser’s brother Stuart Peskoe, who lives in Cambridge, Mass., still regrets losing touch. “If she needed care, if she needed a medical expert, if she needed a top surgeon, we’d have pooled the money,” he says. “Any of us would have gone down and picked her up and taken her to the hospital ourself. To the kids, she was a member of the family.”
Shares closed down 53 cents, to $1.46, on the Nasdaq Stock Market after the company announced results.
"The women and children were fetching water five times a day," Kalhagen said. "And it's like a four-mile round trip."
The Princess Bride
Smithsonian officials said they were impressed with Gray's experience transforming the Autry museum to tell a fuller story of American history.
It's not that Green must command all the attention. It's just that he's one of those personalities perfectly comfortable with all the attention and accompanying accountability on him. If a microphone suddenly sprouted out of his chest, it would be considered a normal appendage.
-- Scholl said his wife, Julie, is an Indiana University graduate. "But we won't hold that against her."
On Friday, May 4, a "Flashback" concert will feature the group, Uncle Jack Dance Explosion, performing "disco, funk and Motown," from 5:30 to 9 p.m. in Courthouse Plaza.
The informant, court records show, met with Stone Sr. regularly at a restaurant to address the Hutaree's goals and attended the group's shooting exercises in the woods. The informant said the militia members spoke openly about having explosives and preparing for "the upcoming war."
"I think it's reprehensible the kind of money they pay themselves," said Canter, a longtime tech entrepreneur who moved to Cleveland from California in 2009 and has had requests for investments rejected by JumpStart and other local funds. "This is public money."
A: I consider the "Soundcheck" program to more or less be the minor-league farm system for Live 105: bands like M83, Foster the People, Killers, Coldplay, Gorillaz, Silversun Pickups, Muse and Phoenix all developed on this weekly program, often as a demo or independent release, long before graduating to the big leagues. I still vividly remember the first time we spun "Such Great Heights" by Postal Service in December of 2002 and the phones absolutely blew up about the song.
“We need to know up front where the company is going to take this waste,” O’Hara said.
The spirited argument on behalf of man and planet contained in "Here on Earth" constitutes what should be called the Tim Flannery meme: informed optimism about our ability to save ourselves. All it needs for survival is the "Darwinian" resolve to replicate itself in our progeny.
The scene was one of confusion and chaos, as first responders dealt with a wide range of injuries, a large number of victims and gridlocked eastbound traffic.
It’s exactly the kind of organization the paper needs to monitor for readers -- a quasi-governmental group that has traditionally operated out of the public eye.
øThe idea is to give readers "one place to quickly catch up," McCue says.
Hey, Donald: Belichick historically has had the philosophy of playing his starters throughout blowout games and at the end of seasons with playoffs already clinched. The prime example of this was in 2007 when the Patriots did not let up and finished the regular season at 16-0 despite clinching home-field advantage with two weeks to go. They rolled over two opponents in the playoffs and then were upset in the Super Bowl by the Giants.
Chandler police are asking people who want to give in honor of the fallen police officer to make donations to: Wells Fargo, Account #9918672768.
Adam Winkler, UCLA constitutional law professor
Political fallout from the atomic mess almost certainly will break up Japan's powerful nuclear lobby.
The Wildcats won 11 of 14 weight classes, including three via forfeit, in a 59-10 Suburban West Conference dual victory.
Then, "My husband, being the good guy that he is, said from now on we'll eat out. I haven't cooked in two years."
April 13: pork roast with gravy, au gratin potatoes, Brussels sprouts, chocolate pudding, wheat bread.
While all sophomores last school year took the assessment, only
10. Buffalo Bills: Michael Floyd, WR <U+0096> Draft<U+0092>s best receiver is a toss-up between Floyd and Blackmon.
"In one sense you could say China's a big jail," Ran said through an interpreter. "And so I could be in the big jail or the little jail."
"It makes all the sense in the world for them given what they do and the price points they hit to be focused on these food deserts," he said. "They've been doing really well with their existing formula."
Patton Oswalt is a busy ... what?
"With the lawsuit set for trial in February and the intensity of preparation ramping up, I thought it appropriate to comment at this time," he said at Mass.
The New Jersey Education Association has taken its side of the battle to the airwaves, putting out videos and other advertisements stating that Gov. Chris Christie has given a tax break to millionaires at the expense of education, women's health care and public safety.
***** - Excellent
With the game tied at two, Shawn Rennegarbe started the Hornettes on their 8-0 run with a bucket. By the time it ended, Nashville was up 10-2 and in control the rest of the way, although poor free throw shooting by the Hornettes kept the game close as they made 13 of 22 foul shots for the game.
But the downward trend stopped in Ohio after an regional refinery was shutdown for repairs.
"I've put the best players on the field competitively," she said. "I've always not hesitated to put freshmen out there. We're going to compete to the best of our ability."
øHere is what you can expect:
House Bill 3241 had a ton of bipartisan support. It would allow funeral or memorial organizers to "reserve" public property within 400 feet of where a service is to be conducted and keep out uninvited guests, such as protesters. It would also keep them from disrupting the service or burial within 1,000 feet of where the service is conducted. The proposed law was modest and the least Oregon could do to help protect mourners.
Financial support generated by Season of Sharing will be welcome indeed, said Pat Burnett, executive director of the Clatsop County Women’s Resource Center. But even more important is the validation in having the agency’s story told.
"And I would say his finger had a lot to do with it, too," said his younger brother, Donald, a freshman free safety and double business major at Mount Union.
City Comptroller Darlene Green, the city's chief fiscal officer who appoints one of the fire pension trustees, isn't committing to either plan. When reporters last week asked to speak with Green about the pension issue, she referred them to her representative on the pension board, deputy comptroller John Zakibe.
He emphasized that Italian banks remained solid and that investors who were pushing up Italy's borrowing rates did not recognize the country's fundamental strengths: a stable banking system, low levels of private sector indebtedness -- half that of the United States and Britain -- and a strong entrepreneurial spirit.
Earle argued in its appeal that it was entitled to the exemption because it requested the refund within 30 days, but Skillman and two other appeals judges ruled last June that the campaign finance law requires that the refund be "received" within 30 days.
"We're adventurous," I replied.
“First, they shut you up, then they take your stuff, then they take you.”
The Rockwood School District's Board of Education is likely to vote Jan. 19 on whether to put a bond issue of about $43 million on the April 3 ballot.
"If you don't get Jerry Lewis, you don't really understand comedy," Seinfeld says. "Because he is the essence of comedy."
By all reports, the matching programs around the country have generally worked well, with the exception of Illinois. The incentive backfired there two years ago when the state quickly ran out of money to meet the demand for the match.
4 Fonterenaza (Osvaldo Macias) 12
High-rise-building shaped pasta, locomotive-shaped pasta, dinosaur-shaped pasta, spider-shaped pasta, and United States of America-shaped pasta.
But hey, Republicans don't have the market cornered on debt-related double standards.
Moore is aware of all this and in his time in the interim superintendent role, he doesn’t appear to care that the interim tag is attached to his title. He is a district employee and therefore has done everything seemingly possible to help ease the frustrations residents have had with the district over the past few years.
As a kid, Pollan recalls, he "kept a careful map year to year, crossing out the houses where they gave you an apple or a view of their new kitties — not a good use of precious trick-or-treating time."
An outpost of billionaire investor Warren Buffett's holdings is being planned in south suburban Lansing.
After his interstellar kidnappers drop him into a mysterious jungle, Arias -- an unlikely combo of Dorothy and Alice, with a touch of Bettie Page -- embarks on a fabulous journey.
Tony's take: Maurice Jones-Drew presents outgoing owner with final win. Jaguars, 17-13.
PORTLAND -- Three lightning-caused wildfires are reported burning in Oregon. The Oakbrook Fire has burned 468 acres of grass and brush in the Beavertail Campground area on the lower Deschutes River.
The senator might ask his staff to do a five-second Google search and download the report released last October by the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs. It reviews reports by lesbians and gay men from 2010 indicating double-digit increases in intimate partner violence, in the severity of the violence and in the frequency with which they were turned away from violence shelters and denied orders of protection.
Susie Millar is a great granddaughter of Thomas Millar, a deck engineer on the Titanic who drowned in the tragedy. Now on the board of Belfast's Titanic Society, she says a visit to the new galleries "shows early 1900s Belfast and what was happening here at the time with all the sights and sounds of the shipyards and what it was like to work in them."
"You can count on me to defend these ideas, convictions," he said, "but my place cannot be the same."
But as Republicans smelled serious opportunity in the midterm elections, they didn't let facts get in the way of a great punchline. And few in the press challenged their frequent assertion that under Obama, the government was going to take over the health care industry.
To qualify for residency, at least one adult family member must earn $4,800 annually in farm-related income. Qualifying income has been expanded in the past few years to allow those working in food services to live there, as well.
Solid shampoos work by swiping the bar across wet hair once or twice and lathering up as usual. The natural oils in the shampoos are often enough to negate the need for conditioner with some hair types.
I'm sorry.
Frances acknowledged a dear friend, Mary Ann Casper, used to sell her vegetables years ago.
Police initially charged Delgado with felonious assault. Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Bill Mason's office is reviewing the case, said Maria Russo, a spokeswoman.
When we started Tazo, we were creating flavors that we bet others out there would like. But when you're putting product in so many thousands of Starbucks stores, you can't afford to fail ... (Now) we intend to make a product that will appeal to retail buyers -- the early adopters -- as well as engage the consumer who really understands tea. Most important, we want to appeal to those people who are new to tea and are a little bit afraid of the vast selection out there -- we'll be their editor.
TV/Radio Saturday TV Radio
The report "represents a very adverse turn in the labor market, threatening income growth and consumer spending," Pierre Ellis, an economist at Decision Economics, wrote in a note to clients.
The man, who was stabbed in the forehead, was taken to a local hospital for treatment, Sgt. Burt Iles said.
"At least we got one right," he said.
"Times have changed, players have changed and I think we have some great guys who are driving this league," Scott said.
Some roadways were already being encroached upon by water early Sunday afternoon, though none of the large puddles made anything impassable. The rain was not expected to let up until early this morning.
One man pushed a little girl in a stroller, with a sign attached to the back that read, "Please don't pepper spray me."
"But you can't be nonchalant about it, either. You have to be aware of it, and you have to go out and do something about it. It's that simple."
The U.S. Department of Agriculture hasn't revised the food pyramid -- the agency is scheduled to review it later this year with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. But here's what the USDA and the HHS says we should do now: Make sure half our plates are covered by vegetables and fruit, our milk is low-fat or skim, we eat at least two servings of fish a week, we make half the grains we eat whole grains, and we cut back on saturated fats.
How it works: You're minding your own business, walking down the street or sitting in a restaurant, and a stranger "accidentally" spills a soda or ketchup on you. While "helping" to clean you up (usually roughly), he or she — or another member of the team — relieves you of your valuables.
The incident was reported to campus police last November, two days after the hazing death of FAMU drum major Robert Champion while the band was in Orlando for a football game. Champion died after suffering blunt trauma.
Friday's filming has been marked by lots of small explosions. Several people have seen Captain America (Chris Evans) and Chris Hemsworth on set.
The agent is being investigated for improprieties in a separate incident that may have happened April 9, days before the president arrived and while the Hilton was still open to the general public.
Dickey is a born-again Christian. Here he is on turning his life over to Christ:
But not knowing for certain who will make up a majority of your starting rotation mere weeks before the start of your season?
And though it was not fully evident at the time, it marked the beginning of the end of an era in which that East-West struggle -- and particularly U.S. ties to Europe -- dominated American foreign policy.
David Etchepare, from Cleveland High in Portland, came out of Saturday's impromptu semi-finals thinking he'd nailed it. He usually wishes he could go back and fix his performance.
• As the Daily News' Frank Isola pointed out, Woodson has an uphill battle ahead of him: "Mike Woodson will be without two key starters for Game 3: Stoudemire and rookie Iman Shumpert, who suffered a season-ending left knee injury during the second half of Game 1. Of course, the Knicks played well without Stoudemire this season, going 14-5 when he was sidelined... After Stoudemire was diagnosed with a bulging disc in his back, the Knicks went 9-4 with him sidelined and Carmelo Anthony shifted to power forward. However, during those 13 games Shumpert, one of the league’s top perimeter defenders, was available... In all likelihood, Woodson’s Game 3 lineup will include Tyson Chandler at center, Anthony at power forward and either Steve Novak or J.R. Smith at small forward with Landry Fields the shooting guard and Baron Davis at point guard."
Investors used to pull their hair out wondering how companies could make money on open source software, but it's no longer a question.
Spencer's Oscar triumph came for her role as a headstrong black maid whose willful ways continually land her in trouble with white employers in 1960s Mississippi.
In recent surveys, about two-thirds of Americans approve of the idea that pastors shouldn't endorse candidates, and indeed many believe that they shouldn't be able to even speak on issues from the pulpit (the latter restrictions would violate the 1st Amendment, of course). Many of those respondents have probably seen the damage that can be done when partisan efforts divide congregations and get in the way of spiritual renewal. Please think about these ramifications as you plot your efforts to politicize American pulpits.
The hospital will open to the public Monday.
Pasquale (Salvatore Cantalupo), a tailor, makes knockoff haute couture but dangerously accepts similar work from the Chinese.
I receive a lot of email from Blazers fans who have suggestions for the organization. This season the advice ranges from remedies to the team's injury problems -- including better nutrition and better shoes -- to a reader who suggested that Nancy Kerrigan cursed the Blazers. You know, after Tonya's knee-job.
Campbell won two league titles and two FA Cups in that first stint with Arsenal, when he was part of the "Invincibles" team that went through the 2003-04 season unbeaten in the league.
The scarred wood floors give way to patches of distressed concrete covered with thick spills of dried oil or paint. The brick walls are natural in some areas and painted white in others. High ceilings with exposed wood, weathered with age; rusted support beams; shiny new ductwork; and a utilitarian open kitchen give the place a makeshift air, as if the owners just took over a building, put in butcher block tables and chairs, and opened the door. The reality, of course, is that it took nearly a year of construction to put the building in this somewhat raw, primitive state.
Chevy Chase vs. his "Community" Boss: Throughout the week, shoes have been dropping in the clash between "Community" creator Dan Harmon and Chevy Chase, one of the NBC comedy's stars. Hollywood.com recounts part of the saga:
The win should also stamp out some of the bad memories haunting Dufner since the Masters, when he shared the lead after two rounds but faded to 24th. The 35-year-old Dufner also held five previous leads through two rounds — two this year, only to fade down the stretch.
Rask, meanwhile, said in no uncertain terms that he wants to return and that it wouldn’t be a problem for him if Thomas came back as well.
The National Lead site is surrounded on three sides by the Raritan River, including the crossings of the Garden State Parkway, Route 9 and Route 35. It is currently being redeveloped by O'Neill Properties Group.
This time, the charge revolves around Dunn's messages on Facebook to a girl related to a friend.
MLB spokesman Pat Courtney said it was too early to comment on the discussions. Union head Michael Weiner characterized the talks as "exploratory."
Had Mr. Kerr protected taxpayers with equal fervor, investors with $28 million in Mamtek bonds wouldn't be wondering today who will pay them for Missouri's failure to do its homework.
In the Jan. 14 email, Coleman described the severance package as "an extremely generous offer."
"The width of the seat is just as important as legroom, and people will pay for it," Mr. Danielsen says.
2006 Hess Collection Allomi Vineyard Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon ($25) The Hess Collection had its start in 1978, when Donald Hess purchased his first vineyards on Mount Veeder. Winemaker Dave Guffy oversees the winery's three tiers, which includes the mid-priced Single Vineyard line. Intense nose of dark berry, loam and creme brulee with similar berry, chocolate hints and supple tannins on the palate. A relatively inexpensive Napa Valley Cab that will pair well with grilled meats.
"I love it," he said. "I think everybody should do it."
For 20 years after the performance that set the pace for all future anthem singers, we watched that legendary poise unravel, bit by bit. A pop star who needed no help whatsoever slipped beyond the help of her closest friends and family. In song, Houston famously told the world that, fail or succeed, they couldn’t take away her dignity. She sounded so certain that she convinced us.
New York City's Pat La Frieda Wholesale Meats supplies the ground meat, grilled to order in an open kitchen. Lightly charred, it stands up well to the toppings. The degree of doneness, however, may be an issue for some diners. On two visits, burgers ordered medium arrived with warm red centers; that's medium-rare in my book, though not in Symon's -- which he makes clear on his "Symon Says" rules on tabletop cards. (Order accordingly.)
If he means his first thought is how an early exit from these playoffs would be a letdown for him, that's about as far removed from the role he so often purports to covet -- team leader -- as one can get.
Olsen said in a statement she supported the bill because it "is an important measure for retaining jobs in my district. At a time when unemployment is at a record high, we can't afford to lose any more jobs."
"They're like children. We can't leave them alone for more than a few hours," she said.
Meanwhile, ongoing concerns about the direction of the global economy triggered further market pessimism, with U.S. stocks and commodity ...
The story of Chen Guangcheng is one of those sagas that would make an exciting Hollywood movie, if it were not so outlandishly unbelievable.
The last time I visited the dentist, we were having one of those awkward, mouth-full-of-toothpaste conversations. She was asking me about my work (I'm the associate nutrition editor of EatingWell Magazine and a registered dietitian, and I write a lot about food and health), when it occurred to me that I wanted to write about foods for healthier teeth — and by extension, a brighter smile.
Temporary systems at both casinos were operating today at full capacity, and Pepco officials say temperatures were at or near "standard operating conditions" at both sites. Meanwhile, work to restore air conditioning at Boardwalk Hall, a concert venue temporarily shuttered by the cooling problems, continued today.
The great ladies chose to remain single, but Fee saw an opportunity for another sort of marriage, this one between Idaho and Great Lakes.
(Disclosure: Walberg is also chairman of the Heartland Institute, where until last year I was managing editor of School Reform News.)
On his expectations for this weekend:
In fact, the Junkies have been wildly experimental since then, particularly during the last few years, when they put out four very different albums as part of "The Nomad Series." "Sing In My Meadow," which came out last year, is full of ragged Timmins electric-guitar solos with an over-the-top quality that might surprise Luka Bloom; "Demons" is devoted to songs by the band's old friend Chesnutt, who committed suicide in 2009; "Renmin Park," the most unusual sounding of the four, was inspired by Michael Timmins' three-month family trip to China, where his two adopted children were born.
But the trips that focus on teaching conversational English attract mostly retirees. So when my tall, blond teen arrived at Morelli Middle School and announced he was a guest English teacher, pandemonium ensued. Teacher was a hottie!
Team Paso (aka Team William) explain that they have the manly men. Again, Val is in rehearsal in case he has to go on in Maks's place.
Humphrey says there they are approached by two or three men, who are usually armed with handguns.
Good morning, Big East, your conference has completely changed. And college athletics might be next.
In December, after receiving a firm reminder from my primary care doctor, I went for my annual mammogram.
"We know people are hooked on cellphones and texting devices." he says.
But when the contact, Kristina Eaton-Stephens, went inside, she was robbed, records show.
Atomic #7
Napolitano said lawmakers who say the border needs to be secured before a new immigration bill is introduced "keep moving the goalpost."
With more than 300 spacious casita-style rooms, the Wigwam, is most widely regarded as a golf resort. Its three courses, including two designed in the 1930s by Robert Trent Jones Sr., are among the early classic desert courses.
The anniversary was celebrated by dining out with family members.
Mixed-media Art Class: Learn several mediums, techniques and projects from an experienced instructor in the drop-in class for ages 12-18. Visit the website for the After School Activities Program membership and schedule information. Weekly 4-5 p.m. Thu. West End Building, 4101 Kruse Way, Lake Oswego; $2 per
But one of the important things about literacy is that it gives you a sense of life's possibilities beyond just survival.
"I know East St. Louis wasn't at full strength today, but any time you run against them, you want to do your best. O'Fallon is a great team, and they beat us at their invitational, so we wanted to come out today and have some good performances to build on for the (Southwestern) conference meet (May 2 at Belleville East)."
"He gave me a run for the money," said Davis, a senior who committed Tuesday to run for UCLA. "I have a lot of respect for him."
Peoria's Assistant City Attorney Ellen Van Riper said the difference between a restaurant and a bar license is the volume of liquor that can be served in comparison to food. It is about the character of the establishment.
"I was trying to forecast which teams would be in need of a quarterback," he said, "and I didn't see the Redskins thinking along those lines."
“There was a sense of novelty to Occupy in October,” said organizer Mark Bray. “Today is more celebratory, and nostalgic.”
O’Malley deserves all the benefit of the doubt, but surely understands Dodgers fans are going to have one difficult time with the concept. It’s a story brought to you by Shirley MacLaine’s astrologist.
J. Jeffrey Hopson, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus, said in a research note that Legg faces macroeconomic challenges as well as its own issues. While the company reported continued stock withdrawals, it also improved on the fixed-income side and saw positive results from the restructuring effort, he said.
Bannon said she thought she successfully separated her personal anguish from her colleagues about 90 percent of the time.
Excerpt: (Paterno) became the conscience of collegiate athletics, a double-edged sword. His ability to win with honor, fill a stadium and an athletic department’s coffers, charm a student base and a wealthy alumni association made him the face of the university he represented with pride and distinction. However, he confused his place in college football and in the university. Looking back, his famous answer to one of the first questions about when he might retire – he couldn’t leave the sport “to the Jackie Sherills and the Barry Switzers of the world’’’ – gave the first hint that he would not leave willingly.
But to gain the protection, U.S. institutions hosting foreign artworks need to apply for a certificate from a State Department office that administers the immunity act.
A former assistant vice president for M&T Bank in Baltimore has been charged with mail fraud, prosecutors said, after she defrauded a federal export credit agency and an international corporation to pay American Express bills and her taxes.
Here is another one you haven’t heard much about on the news. Government backs off new limits on child labor on farms. Under heavy pressure from farm groups, the Obama administration said last Thursday (April 26) it would drop an unpopular plan to prevent children from doing farm work.
The Associated Press generally doesn't identify victims of sexual crimes and is not reporting the names of the man or his former wife to protect the identities of their children. They're now older than 18.
“We have some very fast detectives,” he said.
Flu shots will be available for $10. Esse Health professionals will be on hand to provide health screenings.
The request is clear and emphatic. "This group of over 100 leaders and organizations from across the nation ask that your administration maintain a steadfast commitment to the future of our rural economies, and investments in the land and water on which we depend," the letter says.
Agriculture is still the county's major industry: It's one of the top potato-producing counties in the nation. But an increasing number of high-tech companies have located there, including a plant to make solar cell materials and several electricity-intensive computer server farms, primarily because of the relatively cheap power.
Even on our small farm, we've begun a gradual process of change. One of the best acts I did years ago was to fallow 15 acres, much to the chagrin of my father. He grew up with the premise you farm every precious acre you had.
The Parkway collected $38 million last year in the exact change lanes.
1 tbsp. flour
"The $1 million was never found money," Hughes said.
Aromatherapists maintain that essential oils exert their effects because their odors are transmitted directly to two structures deep in the brain -- the hippocampus and the amygdala. These structures are part of the limbic system, the region of the brain most intimately tied to emotion and long-term memory. The limbic system also can affect alertness, hormone release that leads to stress reactions, and other chemical pathways in the body.
Instructions: Whisk together the vegetable oil, five-spice powder, brown sugar, garlic, ginger and soy sauce. Season the chicken pieces well with salt, then toss in the marinade. Marinate for 3-4 hours or overnight.
The prosecution also told a federal judge they have so far revealed only a small portion of the evidence against the 11 conspirators. The charging documents outline just 10 of more than 100 encrypted messages investigators intercepted between Moscow and Montclair couple Richard and Cynthia Murphy, a husband-wife team prosecutors say Russia sent undercover to New Jersey.
And someone or something is caught on audio repeating the knocks the investigators made on a table.
"Like I said, I like mixing it up," Pitt said with a chuckle during an October interview on the Budapest set of "World War Z." "You need to make it interesting for yourself to make it interesting for other people."
He and his wife had booked the cruise aboard the Royal Caribbean "Oasis of the Sea" when the Cardinals weren't expected to make the postseason.
But the Yankees have not been buried by their poor rotation work this season to a large extent because of their excellent pen. Cory Wade, Boone Logan and Rafael Soriano have been very good. Robertson, though, has been arguably the most dominant reliever in the game and Rivera has been, well, Rivera — and the compliments don’t get better than that.
Mr. Kan recalled that exchange with bemusement, saying nuclear power wasn't even part of that discussion. He said the official's reflexive response demonstrated the ruling government's obsession with the technology. At the time, Japan was still recovering from the oil crises of the 1970s, and nuclear power was emerging as the alternative to foreign oil.
Pennsylvania's casinos paid the most taxes in the nation at $1.45 billion; Kansas paid the least at $13 million. Thirteen states saw increases in the amount of tax revenue they paid to governments last year.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Members of the United Steelworkers could continue to make NASCAR racing tires in Akron until 2013 under a tentative contract between the union and Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.
LAMBERTVILLE — Thousands of people poured into Lambertville for the city's 31st annual Shad Festival this weekend.
4. Ray Rice's unsportsmanlike penalty for "taunting" is a prime example of how uptight and controlling NFL has become. Football players should not be expected to behave like corporate robots. It's a joke.
The rest of the family had gone to bed before Koenig and Lovadina left after midnight. The gunmen forced them back inside, and had them kneel in the foyer with their heads on the floor.
Kimura does her best to steer non-Japanese customers away from the truly formidable offerings. After we saw her husband retrieving a dark, squiggly concoction ($15) from a container, we inquired about it.
As usual, there was a full house on hand to hear the popular group perform.
For the chance to win an HP OfficeJet Pro 8600 please visit our Facebook page @ facebook.com/onestorydown
WOODBRIDGE — A suspected shoplifter who was shot and killed by a police officer yesterday inside the Woodbridge Center shopping mall was identified today as a Paterson man who has a criminal record.
Always on the lookout for another burger joint, we checked out the newly opened Burgerocity in Folsom. We found a slickly designed space with faux cowhide-covered seats and a wall-mounted soliloquy explaining why the burgers are ground from "100 percent Hereford chuck."
He finds comfort in it. "It's like an insurance policy," he said.
Whatever it was, it meant more to him than did his reputation. Instead of being remembered as the former head of Civic Progress, he will forever be defined by his mad dash to Clayton. Like other bankers this town has known, he was a man for whom enough was never enough.
"When you’re faced with a situation of paying your rent and buying food, or making a $150 student loan payment, you’re going to make sure you have your home covered," said Tom Eastwick, owner of five proprietary schools around the state. "It’s just common sense you would do that."
"The effort to create an artificial ocean doesn't really get us anywhere," he writes. "We should focus instead on making the oceans, these gigantic ecosystems, a safe place. Saving life in the oceans is really the challenge for humanity."
“This year the committee did not award a Pulitzer Prize for fiction," Bloomberg said at a press conference. "Now we have one ... for next year."
So far, that seems on target. We bought a 55-inch Panasonic Viera plasma TV for about $1,000. Cutting our services to just broadband has brought our monthly bill down to about $80 a month.
Mooney was brought in as the head of Key's bank branches and a potential successor to Meyer in 2006, creating buzz about whether she or perhaps Pam Joseph -- the vice chair for the last six years at Minneapolis-based U.S. Bancorp -- would be the first female CEO of a major publicly traded U.S. bank.
BEIJING (AP) - A blind Chinese activist who sparked a diplomatic tussle by holing up in the U.S. Embassy in Beijing for six days came out Wednesday after what U.S. officials said were assurances from China of his safety.
In LONDON, the U.K.'s FTSE 100 benchmark closed up 0.8% at 6055.75.
Cunningham, who bled from the eye after being hit, said the blow was very hard.
Mulkey was named AP's national coach of the year and Brittney Griner was AP national player of the year. Drew's team spent much of the season in the top 10 and star quarterback Robert Griffin III became the school's first Heisman Trophy winner after leading the Bears to 10 wins for the first time since 1980.
To round out the draft, the team selected Oklahoma linebacker Travis Lewis in the seventh round.
The 750-job promise underscores how far the Brook Park complex has fallen in recent years. In 2007, when Ford announced it would close the casting plant and temporarily shut down Cleveland Engine Plant No. 1, more than 2,500 people worked at Ford's three plants.
Please bear with us through an explanation that involves a little arithmetic. If you are an investor, this is important.
Then, on April 2 of last year, she awoke in the middle of the night and saw a strange orange glow. A fire had erupted in the apartment next to her. Churchill had time to get out with her children.
Eight counties have already established the trusts, which are permitted under a state law enacted in 2009.
As a key part of the investigation, undercover agents paid $2,000 plus $125 a week to rent a small booth at the flea market from April 23 to May 28, 2011. They sold clothes and cosmetics, including counterfeit Polo shirts and NFL jerseys.
Incredulous that Gillespie and Rockland would tackle such a seemingly lowbrow topic, colleagues asked why they would write a book on the "world’s ugliest road."
Biotechnology
Jedward kept up their mix of interesting stage performances and less than stellar vocals until they were finally eliminated during week seven of the competition. But in what could be considered a sad twist of fate for good singers struggling to make ends meet, Jedward scored a record contract. In fact, they have already released two albums, both of which went number one in their home country of Ireland. They were even selected to represent Ireland at the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest, with one of the catchiest songs I've heard in awhile, "Lipstick." Once again, the vocals were horrible, but something about the whole stage performance got Europe to vote for Jedward, once again proving that just because you can't sing doesn't mean you don't have the X Factor.
McFaul, 77, of Strongsville, pleaded guilty to charges that he stole cash from his campaign fund, forced his employees to sell tickets to his political fundraisers and broke ethics laws by appointing his son as a special deputy. He agreed to pay $130,000 in restitution as part of a plea deal.
"You are what you eat," said Jim White, director of sustainable infrastructure programs for the Port. Formerly director of the Cuyahoga River Remedial Action Plan, he's well aware of what ails the river. Cleaning up the "Urban Floating Debris" is a no-brainer, but the large vessels that do the job in New York and Baltimore can't maneuver in our crooked river.
Golden Dawn — 6.97 percent, 440,894 votes, 21 seats.
Although he has faced criticism from some exiles that he is too accommodating, Ortega, 75, has managed to tread a fine line of pushing for social, economic and church-affair changes without antagonizing the regime. Under Ortega, who was elevated to cardinal in 1994, the church has made unprecedented inroads in Cuban society.
Pryor and Gruden: Former Ohio State quarterback Terrelle Pryor filmed a session with ESPN analyst Jon Gruden in Florida on Saturday what will be turned into the latest installment of Gruden’s “QB Camp.” Gruden grilled several quarterbacks, like Auburn’s Cam Newton and Washington’s Jake Locker, before April’s NFL Draft and now did the same with Pryor, who is preparing for the NFL’s supplemental draft in July.
Some small-volume auto companies such as Porsche, Aston Martin and Lamborghini will not have to meet the standards initially, but all automakers will need to comply by 2017.
That's unacceptable.
Oh, and the U.S. Coast Guard's Ninth District Headquarters is in the space he covets, on federally owned land. And the Coast Guard is not going anywhere, says a representative.
Last month, the administration announced targeted sanctions against President Assad and his top aides, but no one seriously expects those to cause him to change course. Nor is there any expectation that the U.S. or NATO will intervene militarily to protect Syria's civilian population, as they have in the uprising against Libyan strongman Muammar Gadhafi. Mr. Gadhafi was a pariah even among the corrupt and autocratic Arab rulers of the region, who united with European and American leaders in calling for his ouster. Mr. Assad, by contrast, remains a member in good standing with the region's dictators, who see any prospect of his falling as a threat to their own regimes. Syria is geographically and strategically central in a way that Libya, long an outcast, is not.
"Uncertainty is a big problem for us as far as investment and jobs," he said. "We're just waiting for the next bill."
"Look how big it is, Daddy." A girl opened her palm to reveal a handful of hail, which was now bounding off the deck.
The decision to quiz the jurors came suddenly at the end of a day of testimony in the case when one of Dimora's defense attorneys asked about whether jurors had heard reports about the case since the trial began Jan. 4.
In New York, Republicans were seeking to take back the state Senate, but it was still too close to call.
Makil said he hopes the process of completing the freeway showed that dealing with growth can be done with respect and the understanding that people's shared resources need to be considered.
<U+0093>The dog<U+0092>s final response is vocal,<U+0094> Grime said. <U+0093>He barks, and as the dog searches, their behavior changes and they become more intense.<U+0094>
Researchers find that people's perceptions of pets stem from cultural or psychological roots.
Kendrys Morales and Howie Kendrick homered to back Weaver — not that he needed much support.
Although no Republican presidential candidate has won in California since George H.W. Bush in 1988, Gingrich told the crowd he would make California competitive in the general election. “I believe, if we are prepared to campaign everywhere, that we can put California absolutely right in play, and we can do it by reaching out to everybody across the whole state,” he said.
See other stats that interest you, or have thoughts on these? Share them in the comment section below.
Fort Zumwalt Superintendent Bernard DuBray said the district checked with the Missouri School Board Association and the Missouri Ethics Commission. Both indicated that if the council and school board positions do not conflict in any way, there is nothing to restrict someone from serving on both, DuBray said.
1 pork tenderloin (about 1 pound)
ORANGE — Authorities Wednesday announced arrests in two city homicides, which occurred on Aug. 30 and Aug. 31, 2011.
Chesapeake, based in Oklahoma City, reported a net loss of $71 million, or 11 cents per share, for the first three months of the year. Stripping out a charge for derivatives contracts, Chesapeake made money, but not as much as Wall Street expected.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of the Angels' World Series championship, a club distinguished in part by a bullpen built more on hope than on money.
BALTIMORE — Brandon Snyder homered and had a career-high six RBIs against his former team, and the Texas Rangers beat Baltimore 14-3 Monday night to end the Orioles’ five-game winning streak.
Actor Deka Walmsley, who plays the title character's coal miner father in the London production of "Billy Elliot," was among the performers encouraging visitors to take in a show during the games.
My guess is that something big was happening in Boston that night, because the opaque sites should have done much better. My fallback position? A prosaic AARP rate well under $200 at a hotel outside the districts I preferred but close enough to work.
Biotechnology
The hiring of 40,000 seasonal employees is 11 percent less than the company hired in 2010, when it offered 45,000 jobs.
"(We) wanted to do something one more time while I was in college before life gets crazy," Barkley said after practice Tuesday. "And just to do one more thing with my teammates. I've grown up with these guys. For four years now we've been playing together, and I've known guys like Devon (Kennard) and T.J. (McDonald) for longer than that.
Tom Hardy, "Inception": "You mustn't be afraid to dream a little bigger darling."
Al Pacino - You Don't Know Jack
Edwards declined to comment on the newspaper's findings, saying through a representative that the company "followed FDA's guidance" when it sold the rings and resolved the issue "more than two years ago."
Brett knows the signs of mishandling stardom all too well, actually. One of his favorite old teammates never made it back.
The real battle begins Monday, when prosecutors and defense lawyers commence a parade of witnesses who will compete to convince the jury to condemn or spare him.
After Hughes’ last debacle, a woeful 2<U+2154> inning stint against the Rangers in which he allowed four runs before getting the early hook, he proclaimed that something had to change. He took the mound last night trying to adopt the mentality of a reliever.
For them and other Sacramento region residents, art is the second act of a creative life. Retiring from their longtime professional careers has given them time to pursue their earlier and continuing interest in art.
Other underclassmen who will challenge include LSU's Tyrann Mathieu, USC's Matt Barkley and possibly Oregon's LaMichael James, if he returns to school.
While at Washington University in St. Louis, he also intends to join the Army ROTC.
San Jose linebacker Francis Maka said, "We have noticed that teams come after us hard in the beginning (of the game). We haven't done a good job at counteracting that, so we made it a huge emphasis this week to kind of start the games like we finish the game."
But there's still no consensus on whether to stick with the current arrangement, which permits smoking on 25 percent of the casino floor, or to try again for a total ban.
"It may be a little bit questionable," Karpman said, "but it's a gray area because there are alternatives that are acceptable."
"They really stress you dedicate an individual tool to an individual purpose," Burns said. "Weapons should not be interchangeable."
Is this "Vladimir the balloon guy" after his big breakthrough? Or another Vladimir? Or maybe he's the same Vladimir in another dimension? This all gets clearer quickly -- to the extent that magic and metaphysical fiction can be -- when Vladimir gets his great trick to work, and each of the two magicians becomes a stranger in his own life. In part the ensuing complications offer a familiar moral about the corrosive power of wealth and fame. More importantly, they lead us to thoughts about the ways in which our notions of success, lifestyle and even identity itself can be illusory.
The special council is also expected to be called on to address two initiatives the Legislature did not take up this year -- decriminalizing many of the state's traffic offenses and allowing "safety valves" for some mandatory minimum sentences.
The two sides met with U.S. Judge Dan Aaron Polster, after lawyers for Occupy Cleveland sought an injunction to stop the city from interfering with protests after 10 p.m., the curfew in city parks.
Cavender Creek Vineyards and Winery
Shoppers can find a wide variety of items, from homemade Christmas decorations -- such as Remensperger's ornaments -- to handcrafted instruments, toys, clothes, gifts and gourmet foods.
"Westbrook's numbers against right-handers are far worse than they are against left-handers," he explained beforehand. "So it's kind of one of those days to get these guys some at-bats."
Cesaro, as Castagnoli, was always one of my favorite stars to watch in indy promotions, and I have no doubt he's capable of success in the big leagues.
Two patients who were at the clinic on April 28, 2008, testified that they saw Saenz use syringes to draw bleach from a cleaning bucket and then inject it into the IV lines of two patients who subsequently died.
"The market will turn eventually," Katsinas said. "It's not going to stay this way forever."
Sen. Pat Roberts of Kansas, the committee's top Republican, said panel members aren't "picking winners and losers" in the revised measure.
Ivy League study is hardly necessary for these points.
The Celestial Madonna: "The Avengers" Nos. 129-135 and "Giant Size Avengers 2 and 4," 1974. A cosmos-spanning story about the woman who would bridge the gap between mankind and the plant world. The dead Swordsman, who had reformed before his death, reappears in an odd form. The Scarlet Witch marries the android Vision, sparking anger and jealousy from her brother, Quicksilver.
Three weeks before its long-awaited debut, "Cleveland Pictures" is on hold again.
The state's Republican-controlled Legislature recently passed a bill that will independently audit the state's managed-care companies. It's a good step, but the audits won't begin until 2014. That's a long time to wait for independent answers about whether the state has systematically overpaid plans and whether the recently announced $73 million in givebacks by Minnesota's big plans is sufficient.
The Manzos were among 44 people arrested in July 2009 in an investigation into political corruption and money laundering.
In light of the tragic incident in Farmington Hills, the Department of Corrections wants to review all parolees, probationers and the agents supervising them. I hope they do an honest review and admit that the workload per agent is very high. Also, the governor and Legislature have closed at least two prisons in the last three years and will be closing at least one more next year.
Misconception: The fire district "lost" $3 million.
In less than a week, we'll know if we live in a state where the Republican electorate buys into this flat-Earth fatuousness.
Robinson was charged with misdemeanor malicious destruction of property between $200 and $1,000 on Feb. 4, according to court records. Court records show the warrant was never served because it couldn't be delivered to his former address on multiple occasions.
øPastrana said afterward that those types of mistakes, while frustrating, are going to be part of a long process. He has committed to a NASCAR career and recently told USA TODAY Sports that he would stay off motorbikes for two to five years.
About the time most wine tasting rooms were closing up for the day, the party at Mercury was just getting started.
A compromise proposal could allow filibusters only on the final vote for any piece of legislation but not on procedural votes. Dissenting senators actually would have try to talk a bill to
"The real-life Barbie hasn’t addressed the video, but if her online persona is to be believed, she is seemingly busy living by the words of her theme song: 'Life in plastic, it’s fantastic.' ''
It has a nearly 30% share of the e-book market versus Amazon's share of approximately 60%.
The Sabonis stories in Portland were more of toughness and playing through pain.
The Raiders released Carlisle last week in a salary cap move and told his agent, Frank Murtha, they were interested in bringing him back. In the meantime, the Raiders signed guard Mike Brisiel of Houston. It's not known whether Carlisle will provide depth or compete with Brisiel, or if the Raiders might move one of them to left guard and then slide Stefen Wisniewski to center.
On the ensuing drive, former Preds defender Rayshaun Kizer beat Bobby Sippio to a pass from quarterback Justin Roper and took it back 45 yards for a touchdown to extend the Soul's advantage.
Again, apologies to those who may have been left off this impressive list, or, we failed to capture by way of a photograph. Hopefully, this was a nice trip down memory lane for most of you to take you back to some of the people and accomplishments that made this past winter scholastic season a year to fondly remember.
So this is how championship boxing will return to the clone of the House that Ruth Built and the one that Benny Leonard, Joe Louis, Rocky Marciano and Muhammad Ali sanctified.
Still, Spicer insisted that the organizations were not supplanting the role of the RNC, which is the only entity that is allowed to coordinate with the campaign on identifying voters and getting them to the polls. The party's top goals right now are to build up its field and political operations and to sock away money for the GOP nominee to use later in the year, he said.
But others suggest boosters are being unrealistic about the expense of building a new university from scratch and getting those dollars from a tight state budget — especially as the new kid in the room and when your most powerful political ally is no longer in office.
The Brookings study analyzed manufacturing industries, jobs and wages across all U.S. metro areas. It found that despite the country's massive loss of manufacturing jobs, "more metropolitan areas depend on manufacturing as a part of their economic base today than three decades ago."
Most travelers view airline mergers with skepticism. If competition is eroded and monopoly pricing allowed to flourish, the public will pay much higher fares and have fewer flight options. And no one with frequent-flier miles wants to see program rules change to their disadvantage.
They owned season tickets last year, but the PSLs and troubling economy priced them out. Now, they go on a game-by-game basis. And always five hours before kickoff. They cook burgers, hot dogs and sausages. They raise an American flag and a Jets flag. The four Jets fans make fun of the one Giants fan in the group.
But film studios hedge their bets on most movies, preferring to tap several distinct audiences for the broadest possible reach.
Cats: Let the yowling begin. The Oregon Humane Society and five other local animal organizations will band together Feb. 21-27 for a project dubbed "2011: A Spay Odyssey." The plan: spay or neuter 500 cats in one week, while giving low-income residents a price break on the procedures for their felines, through the Spay & Save program. The biggest day is expected to be Tuesday, Feb. 22, when a 40-person veterinary team plans to alter 222 cats, or about four times the number of surgeries of any type performed on an average day at the society's Holman Medical Center.
“The irony is that while this recess appointment may advance the White House’s political goals, it does nothing to advance the work of the CFPB,” Portman said in a prepared statement the afternoon of Jan. 4, after Obama announced he was appointing Cordray.
Matthew Lamanna, assistant curator at the Carnegie Museum of Natural History, said T. rex most likely was covered in both feathers and scales.
Padilla, a mechanic at Midas Auto Service Experts on Route 1 in Edison, was traced to a relative’s home in Brooklyn, N.Y. and arrested the night before Thanksgiving.
The family learned late Monday that Young has been expelled until Jan. 7. That means he won't be able to finish his junior year and will miss the first semester of his senior year.
One woman walked out as the two officials entered. She was crying, and a man consoled her, his arm across her shoulder. Police say family members with missing persons' reports that match the description of the deceased walk into a holding area where the body is, and a sheet is pulled back to show the face.
He threatened to kill the president, a threat officers didn't deem credible. Then he stormed from the building, found a brick and heaved it through the front door, tearing a gaping hole in the glass that cost about $1,400 to fix, court records show. He was immediately arrested by federal authorities and soon indicted by a grand jury on a charge of malicious mischief.
The Milpitas City Council meeting of April 3 should be a resounding wake-up call for local residents who resent hidden forces using political clout and threats to personnel to gain advantages when it comes to policies relating to land uses and other activities of the city.
Jailed twice by the Somozas' brutal dynastic dictatorship, Borge was himself accused of human rights violations as the powerful interior minister during the 1985-90 elected Sandinista administration, until it was voted out of power.
Lindsay Lohan won't be charged for a hit and run accident she was accused of recently.
The fare hike from $4 to $10 will cost NJ Transit an estimated $4.6 million per year, the report said.
Christopher Schraff, a partner at the Columbus office of Porter Wright Morris & Arthur, anticipates third-party mineral rights to pop up -- owners of valuable coal or limestone formations who want to remove deposits where a drill rig is erected.
Lewis placed second in one event as a freshman but has won everything else that he has entered. This weekend, he will try for his fourth consecutive titles in the 100, 200 and 110 hurdles and his third in the 300 hurdles. If he wins them all he will finish with 158 career state-meet points -- more than any other male athlete in state history.
"The energy is there," the governor said. "We need the energy. ... We need the jobs, and we need a more renewable, cleaner, greener future for our kids."
<U+FFFD> "We hope that today's announcement is an indication of the federal government's commitment to enact immigration reform. Only then can we have safe and healthy communities on both sides of the border."
"I got to get back to the house I've lived in for 15 years and we'll think about those things when it's time," Warren said. "I'll think about my future but not right now."
Wheeler's supervisor, Ken Tobin, agreed: "She did well for a new person...it's been an interesting day."
But questions about leadership in the Assembly were renewed after Oliver had to pull the binding arbitration bill from her chamber’s Monday agenda. According to multiple members of her caucus, it was the culmination of a series of mistakes.
Remove bones; add the cooked rice and simmer 10-15 minutes more.
"It's just forestalling the inevitable," Gallo said of Icahn's loan proposal.
Contact: 410-418-5911, noraskabob.com
1136 Raymond Blvd., Newark; (973) 242-1778.
1 1/2 teaspoons ground cardamom
"We may, in fact, by one estimate, have three times as much oil in the United States as there is in Saudi Arabia."
Since moving to Carroll, Grout has authored three acclaimed photo essay books. His work has been awarded by the Associated Press as well as various arts organizations. It has also been featured in art galleries throughout the United States.
I brightened. There are about 300 smaller houses in the region. Perhaps my mission hadn't ended after all. A heady thought indeed.
There have been two features that regularly mark the history of U.S. public schools. Over the last century, our education system has been regularly captivated by a Big Idea -- a savant or an organization that promised a simple solution to the problems of our schools. The second is that there are no simple solutions, no miracle cures to those problems.
216-221-3500
1996: The state awards the county $8 million for a detention center.
Bad Losses: at LaSalle (78), at UMass (79), at Hawaii (210)
"It’s a happy counterpoint for the sometimes very sad and emotionally wrenching work we have to do," agreed Superior Court Judge Jo-Anne Spatola, who ruled to terminate the biological parents’ rights in some of today’s cases.
The Denver Post polls survey media members across Colorado, with 30 members voting in the classifications they cover. The voting panels are listed at denverpost.com/ preps. Polls list first-place votes in parentheses and last week's rankings.
Eight Metro East players were named to the Illinois Football Coaches Association all-state team.
Speaking to reporters Saturday following Oregon’s closed practice, the Oregon junior contradicted a story first reported online by The Oregonian on Wednesday that he will forgo his final season of college eligibility.
"I think we are being seen as the leaders that we are and hopefully this is a wake-up call to everyone to not assume that just because we are Democrats we can be taken for granted," she said.
"The hall is here, so it should be here," Chambliss said. "Let's show our city off!"
The complaint was dropped late last year after the Machinists Union approved a contract extension and Boeing promised to build a new version of the 787 in Washington.
So winter’s pretty much been a bust this far, but it’s still winter – see any leaves on the trees out there? Didn’t think so. For a quick fix of green, why not take it inside?
Edwards had sought a delay in his criminal corruption trial, scheduled to begin later this month.
It's a tie.
In fact, the Suite might be a pretty good classical starter piece for metalheads and others of that ilk. The second movement, entitled "The Evil God and the Dance of the Pagan Monsters," was put to use by Emerson, Lake and Palmer on an album. That one should appeal to the Goth crowd for its title alone, come to that.
KTRS's McGraw Milhaven emceed and chatted with the crowd and baseball stars. He asked Freese what the weirdest thing was that happened to him during the off season to which Freese immediately replied: "Getting Ellen's boxers," referring to undershorts he got from Ellen DeGeneres when he was on her show in the fall.
Q: Do you feel any different about the Heat's chances of winning the championship than you did at the beginning of the season? -- Paul, Fort Lauderdale.
Friday: at Denver, 7:30 p.m.
"The expectation levels of the middle class are changing," said Roger Hughes, executive director of St. Luke's Health Initiatives, a Phoenix-based foundation that focuses on health and human services. "There was an expectation that if you worked hard, followed the law and contributed, the basic social and health-care support would be provided to you into old age. I would argue that social compact is under attack."
The most serious charge against Rose, who's been in jail in lieu of $130,000 bail since he was arrested, was a felony count of assault with a deadly weapon on a peace officer with force likely to produce great bodily injury.
“This would be good conditioning instead of sitting at home,” he said. “Why sit at home for the lockout? Just keep on working until it gets resolved and when it does get resolved, I’d probably be in the best shape of anybody.
Dramatic black-and-white photographs, a frost-touched flag and other artifacts are going on display at Buckingham Palace to mark the 100th anniversary of Capt. Robert Falcon Scott's ill-fated expedition to the South Pole.
In St. Louis, the charge to raise money will be led by CityArchRiver2015, a local foundation that already raised $2 million to fund the design competition. Walter Metcalfe, an area lawyer and foundation board member, said there was a great deal of support locally and from St. Louisans who had moved away.
It's difficult to break the form-letter cycle. That's because customer service representatives typically receive so many complaints, they only have seconds to review your gripe and draw a response, which is normally a cut-and-paste reply. An appeal to a manager - either by phone or in writing - might have helped Hotwire see the error of its ways.
Earnings in South America were equal to a year ago, and slightly lower in the region that includes Asia.
You can also put your house in a qualified personal residence trust, which can get it out of your name for long-term care issues and out of your estate.
So, the district asked teachers to switch their grading scales to a point system. As long as there were equal points between the grades, the district didn't specify the type of scale teachers could adopt.
Throughout the evening, the children were eloquent. Their fingers were dexterous. Their bows vigorously struck each string, prompting a fusion of power and concentration, thus creating the alchemy of sound. After each child’s performance, he or she would execute an elegant bow.
Schreiner, 58, formed Soul'd Out to put a new spin on the familiar jazz choir formula. Three years ago, she enlisted the help of a student teacher with experience in a cappella -- singing without instrumental accompaniment.
Michel set the school record of 10 minutes 2 .55 seconds while finishing second in her heat, breaking her own record of 10:04.65, set earlier this season. Thompson was a gutsy third in the same heat, running the last four laps after her shoelaces came undone.
Thomas could not be reached for comment.
David Boyce, 30, is one of those still looking for work. He lost his sales job two years ago and ran out of unemployment benefits in September. He and his wife, who is working reduced hours as a nanny, are struggling to get by.
McTigue said he is waiting to hear whether Republican Attorney General Mike DeWine will assist the protesters. He said he is also making some "other political calls."
Where and when: Prudential Hall at New Jersey Performing Arts Center, 1 Center St., Newark, Friday at 8 p.m. State Theatre, 15 Livingston Ave., New Brunswick, Saturday at 8 p.m. Mayo Performing Arts Center, 100 South St., Morristown, Sunday at 3 p.m.
"I was so close to . . ." he said. "I know my stats don't show it, but I'm driving the ball so much better. The start lines are so much tighter, and the shape of the shots is so much tighter. I'm so close to putting the ball on the string. It's coming."
Citing the Congressional Budget Office, Waxman says his concern is that the write-downs appear "to conflict with independent analyses." If he's genuinely surprised at the real world departing from CBO projections, he should brace himself for more shocks. Is he going to demand that Office of Mangement and Budget Director Peter Orszag testify when the projected deficit reduction doesn't materialize? Waxman maintains his interest is ensuring the bill "does not have unintended consequences."
Sales of the Fiesta subcompact dropped 44 percent. Besides losing sales to the Focus, the Fiesta is facing new competition from the Chevrolet Sonic and Prius C.
GE's lending business continues to improve after booking billions of dollars in losses and impairments during the recession. GE Capital has shed some assets, and the commercial real estate market overall has been slowly improving.
Anton Khudobin
A look at confidential training manuals, a recording of a store meeting and interviews with more than a dozen current and former employees reveal some of Apple's store secrets. They include: intensive control of how employees interact with customers, scripted training for on-site tech support and consideration of every store detail down to the pre-loaded photos and music on demo devices.
Romney began airing a harshly critical new campaign ad and said the former House speaker had engaged in "potentially wrongful activity" with the consulting work he did after leaving Congress in the late 1990s.
If prosecutors aim for the more serious charges, they will have to prove either premeditation or recklessness, said Robert Jarvis, a law professor at Nova Southeastern University.
Other than 11 points from Tyree Evans in the first half and Henry-Ala's 10, there was negligible offensive help anywhere else.
Todd Albery, CEO of Detroit-based Quizzle, a credit-information website that's part of the Quicken Loans family, said research shows credit scores are on the rise, too -- a good indicator that the economy is improving, even if slightly.
Boozer vs. MODELL: Modell advances in tough matchup. Boozer did wait nearly three years, though, before coming back.
"It was a great father-son project," Kay Harvey said. "I'm excited to share it."
Cleveland is the most vulnerable, he said, because it sits so close to O'Hare. And though O'Hare is congested, it can handle more traffic by using mainline jets on routes now flown by regional aircraft, he said.
Tomato salsa, to garnish
"Notwithstanding the various headwinds, credit conditions in the United States have improved significantly in a number of areas," Bernanke said.
GOLDEN — Candidates for the Republican presidential nomination are making a final push in Colorado ahead of tomorrow's GOP caucus.
Tiger Woods was in a golfer's prime when he worked with Haney -- late 20s, early 30s -- and that's how he good he was. But like any game, as you get older, the flaws are harder to overcome physically, and the doubts creep in, and that's when you need a swing built for the long haul.
A train with 570 people was stuck on the tracks near Secaucus for 40 minutes before a diesel train towed it to a section of the tracks that had power and the train headed back to Newark Penn Station.
A: It is very hard to create that chemistry with a 4-year-old boy who you have never met before and who is stepping onto a film set going, "What in the hell is all of this?" That was one of the reasons that I suggested (director) James (Watkins) audition my real-life godson who auditioned and was great and is great in the film. At the time when we were filming, I was so obsessed with him having a good time and making sure he wasn't cold or wasn't freaking out that I didn't really pay attention to the fact that he is actually quite a good little actor.
And many analysts say low lending rates are less likely to persuade people to buy than, say, reasonable home prices or a steady job market.
Too bad that when we finally see some bipartisan cooperation, it's in the form of everyone selling out their principles to prevent a billionaire from leaving town.
Blakeslee is not seeking re-election this year after the commission drew him into a heavily Democratic district.
Still, the ultimate solution is to expand the state-level pay-to-play law to all levels of government. This would put all pay-to-play enforcement actions under the responsibility of the state.
The forum focused on the enormous challenges that remain, such as the underrepresentation of women in fields of science and technology.
They just finished a two-week "Camel Milk Challenge" at the San Diego County Fair, eating nothing but dried dates and drinking only camel's milk and bottled water.
For 2012, meet professor Bell. He seems to have been a genuine mentor of Obama's, although Breitbart's "gotcha" video of the embrace is hardly dispositive. Imagine how many people of varying views a politician hugs over the course of a career.
The passion behind St. George's new Terroir gin is rooted in a commute Winters made years ago to collect his son from summer camp in the Oakland Hills. The rich, woodsy scents associated with the close of a warm, central California summer day — pine trees, cedar mulch, coastal sage, birch — stuck. Terroir is typically associated with describing the flavor profile of wines, but in terms of an aroma profile, Winters says, "You don't have to have eaten branches off of a Douglas fir tree (to taste it). You smell it and breathe it in."
On any bag or container of fertilizer three numbers will be listed on the front: 20-20-20, 10-30-20, etc. Although these numbers are usually referred to as N-P-K (representing nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium), they actually represent the percentage by weight of these three ingredients. So a 100-pound bag of fertilizer labeled 10-10-10 contains 10 pounds of nitrogen, 10 pounds of phosphate and 10 pounds of potash. The rest of the weight is filler that allows us to spread the fertilizer evenly and to mitigate the possibility of burning the plants with too much fertilizer. See, you probably should have paid better attention in math and chemistry classes.
He employs four workers at the office, and his wife handles billing and collections on her days off from her nursing job.
So where is the doubt about Clemons' guilt?
The full house rewarded him with multiple ovations; Tetzlaff returned the favor with an encore, the Largo movement from J.S. Bach's Sonata in C major. It was radiantly lovely; Robertson sat back and on the side in the chorus seats to take it in.
REVIEW Oscar Nominated Short Films
May 30: Super Last Show Music Explosion
At the Feb. 15 City Council meeting, Jeffrey Anderson introduced Mia to the mayor and six council members. He showed them a picture. Mia couldn't be there in person because she's not allowed out of the house.
The verdict: Allen’s less interested in Gil’s romance (or lack thereof) with Inez than his love affair with the city, which is a pure delight even as “Midnight in Paris” threatens to become a series of cultural name-checking (here’s Matisse, there’s Bunuel, etc.). Very funny and deeply charming, “Midnight in Paris” is a living dream about feeling at home somewhere else, with someone else. The movie salutes that sense of escape while recognizing that nostalgia comes with a certain amount of denial about the present, though Allen’s too emotionally insulated to let his characters truly suffer for their loneliness. Wilson’s excellent as a guy with diverging impulses as both a writer (Hollywood schlock vs. artistic novel) and a man (unpleasant fiancé vs. new fantasy woman). He’s supported by similarly lively work by Cotillard, Michael Sheen (as smugness personified) and Adrien Brody as Salvador Dali. The way he pronounces “rhinoceros” is a thing of beauty.
SPECIAL AUDIO: MYSTERY OF TWO
Back in the day when enforcers like John "Rambo" Kordic roamed the ice for the Canadiens, cheapjack goon tactics abounded. Forward who went anywhere near the crease expected to get cross-checked while referees shrugged.
The department had already beefed up patrols in the area around the Gallery because of problems with smaller groups of students.
other - not to allow a goal in the first round. On the other hand, South Korea allowed six goals. South Korea is a better offensive team than a defensive team. Its five goals were as many as Germany, Netherlands and Brazil scored.
Among them was a 2010 incident in Town 'N Country in which a man on a jog about 1 a.m. was punched in the face by a teenager. The man thought he was being robbed so he pulled a gun, and the teen started to run. The man fired eight shots. Four hit the teen. The man was not charged with a crime. His court file says "justifiable homicide."
636-755-5335.
"Nothing hurts. So it's hard to say I can't go out there and compete. Usually, if you can't compete, it's because something hurts.
6-foot-5, weighs 300 pounds and sports a bushy red beard, but he poses online as a 13-year-old girl.
Schoedel said that Lutheran Senior Services would like to do another such project, "but it's a tough economy, especially when people are talking about getting rid of historic tax credits." That would "throw a gray cloud over what can be built in the future," he said.
But FitzGerald ended up inheriting the mess: "We're trying to sort out what they left us with."
Travis Zajac added a late goal to make it 3-1, and Bryce Salvador scored a late empty-netter for the Devils.
On these topics, Cuomo was brief and vague. He promised some pension fixes — but offered no details. He promised a new Tappan Zee Bridge — but he wants to get 95 percent of the money from the private sector. That won’t happen — and, anyway, building bridges is a place where a progressive governor should push taxpayer funding.
Only two members are left. And now FAMU is looking for a way to rebuild the committee.
But in truth, authorities say, Richard and Cynthia Murphy were highly trained spies from Russia. They encoded messages with invisible ink, brushed past co-conspirators in train stations to hand off computer memory sticks and may have even faked their marriage for the sake of gathering intelligence for Moscow, authorities said.
The Taliban have launched several large-scale attacks in recent weeks, including coordinated attacks on Kabul and three other cities that left 11 people and 36 insurgents dead, and a strike on a compound used by foreigners in the Afghan capital that killed seven.
No. 1 singles — Sosnowski, Ara., def. Winegardner, Fai., 2-6, 6-2, 6-2; No. 2 — Combs, Fai., def. Farmen, Ara., 6-1, 6-1; No. 3 — Castelino, Fai., def. Shanahan, Mon., 6-0, 6-4.
All of the suspects, ranging in age from 20 to 35, were expected to appear in federal court Tuesday afternoon. It wasn't immediately clear if they had attorneys.
In Carmichael's new Jan Park, there are small picnic areas; children's play equipment; drinking fountains for people and dogs; trails, including some that are accessible to the disabled; restrooms; and waste cans and pet waste stations, said Kerth, the Carmichael park district official.
The best closer in the game's history is shelved with a torn anterior cruciate ligament. As Rivera awaits knee surgery, Brian Wilson of the Giants, Ryan Madson of the Reds and Joakim Soria of the Royals are done for the year, all rehabbing from Tommy John surgery.
LAS VEGAS -- Tom Candiotti thanked Saint Mary's for giving him a chance. Kurt Rambis assured everyone he would keep his clothes on. And K.C. Jones accepted a heartfelt standing ovation from a room awestruck by his many accomplishments.
“It’s a complex injury,” Guzkiewicz said of concussions in an interview. “No two concussions are the same. It’s like piecing together a puzzle. And we’re going to have to study a lot of concussions for us to get a clearer picture of the answer.”
$55,000: Amount in delinquent water bills that the city estimates is sent to collections each year
The Red Sox didn't have a first-round draft pick that season. They had surrendered it to Oakland as compensation for signing free agent Johnny Damon. Their first pick would come in the second round, at 57th overall.
“Ricky will not be invited back to host the show next year, for sure,” the source says. “For sure any movie he makes he can forget about getting nominated. He humiliated the organization last night and went too far with several celebrities whose representatives have already called to complain.”
“It makes it a little more fun, there’s no doubt,” Teixeira said. “If you come back from nine runs against anybody it’s a cool thing. But to do it here in Boston, it makes it a little more fun.”
<U+0093>Mourdock did well and had more to lose if he didn<U+0092>t do well,<U+0094> Stone said. <U+0093>Lugar did OK but has never been a great public speaker and wasn<U+0092>t hanging all his hopes on <U+0091>winning<U+0092> a debate.<U+0094>
Avon Products Inc., weakened by poor financial results, a long-running investigation into alleged overseas bribery and a lame-duck CEO, found itself in play Monday when a smaller rival offered to buy the door-to-door cosmetics company for $10 billion.
The Angels aren't doing the big things -- they're last in the AL with 12 homers, though Wells hit a solo shot in the fourth Wednesday -- or the little things to maximize offense.
That inspection would include studying whether fractures developed because of an impact, fatigue or other reasons, Hart said. Authorities are looking into the insulation of the pipeline, its pressure and what safeguards were in place, if any. The investigation is expected to take up to 18 months.
In Cuyahoga County, he said, there have been 73,000 foreclosure cases filed since 2005.
On the surface, it's stirs up much controversy and many phone calls. Unfortunately, too many commentators - and their readers and listeners - don't scratch below the surface.
Cicinelli, free on $25,000 bail, is charged with involuntary manslaughter and excessive force under color of authority for his role in helping subdue Thomas.
Counselors and teachers say freshmen can meet with upperclassmen who serve as "peer mentors," with whom they can discuss personal issues.
"Elijah was a good kid; to me, a special child," Taylor said. "I had a lot of expectations of him. He loved his daddy."
In Oakland, Calif., protesters were hit with a stinging gas and clashed with police in the street. In New York, police in riot gear faced off against several dozen Occupy Wall Street activists in front of a Bank of America office. About 50 demonstrators rallied outside of another Bank of America branch in Chicago.
The lawyer stressed that Bales did not confess and seemed surprised when his weapon was taken away, the newspaper reported.
Q: What are you looking for in an assistant city manager?
Kilroy indicated Diringer had to spend too much time on routine nuts and bolts problems and did not have time to spend on aspects of the job he may have wanted to pursue.
The lawsuit accuses Wells Fargo Bank, Wells Fargo Private Bank Elder Services, PFI and Ruth Ostrom, an attorney for PFI, of breach of fiduciary duties, which it says caused Greer "severe emotional distress."
"Every plant is a surprise," Kurt said smiling, after he photographed a blazingly pink epidendrum orchid. Its myriad tiny blooms reminded me of a pomegranate turned inside out.
Analysis done by the district has shown that not only has Sweetwater High done no wrong, but that they are model for others. Educators from schools across San Diego County and California have already begun to ask how they too can do what Sweetwater High has done.
In addition to the FBI, the task force includes federal prosecutors, the IRS, the Michigan Attorney General's Office, the State Police, Detroit police and federal housing, environmental protection and transportation investigators.
The seven defendants are held on bonds of $2 million to $3 million, facing charges ranging from first-degree felony murder to possession of marijuana. They are scheduled to appear in Superior Court today for an initial-status conference.
BACTERIA
Syndicated columnist and speaker Marni Jameson is the author of "House of Havoc" and "The House Always Wins" (Da Capo Press). Contact her through marnijameson.com.
Jordan, who has a degree in earth sciences/geology from Stanford, started making her sparkling wine in what she describes as an old, ramshackle prune processing barn that didn't even have indoor plumbing. But her first product, the 1987 J Vintage Brut, was a hit, and all 4,000 cases were sold. It didn't make any difference that the wine was being made in a facility with a roof that leaked every time it rained. High profile restaurants put it on their menus, and it even was served at the White House.
Morneau is hitting .230 with four homers and nine RBI in 20 games this season.
"It's the holiday season and you're very busy. Not enough technicians? How about training your salaried employees to install services on their weekends?
Besides the stolen Lamborghini, a motorcycle and a .357 revolver believed to be used in the shooting, the search revealed a trove of contraband, including automatic weapons, a police uniform, sophisticated electronic transmitting devices, bugs and other evidence of possible criminal activity beyond what anyone had imagined.
David Lee Preston is an assistant city editor at the Philadelphia Daily News.
Only about 20 percent of buyers for the traditional Taurus are 35 to 55, and most are older. But for the SHO model, more than 40 percent of buyers are 35 to 55. The other EcoBoost vehicles are also attracting younger buyers, though not at the same rate as the SHO, Marentic said.
Denise Birdwell
Dell’Aquila said the proclamation was a “surprise” and an honor.
øRush founded Rush Trucking, which later did a joint venture to launch Dakkota Integrated Systems, which manages the manufacturing process for automotive interiors. Dakkota, based in Holt, Mich., is building the bike, creating good jobs here in the United States.
Sandra told Timothy, earnest-looking in his knee-length Timbers jersey, that the former players were heading outside. He replied, "My boys are on the pitch?"
The plaintiffs prevailed in district court and a federal appeals court affirmed the court's order. The court concluded that the wage cuts and eligibility restrictions would jeopardize economy, efficiency, quality, and access within the IHSS program. The state has appealed the decision a final decision has yet to be reached.
"I just take off my suitcoat and throw that on over my button-up," said the 28-year-old San Ramon resident. "It's our etiquette to wear Islamic clothing when you're going to learn the sacred knowledge."
Lugar's Senate career is largely defined by his foreign policy work. He has twice served as chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and now serves as the ranking Republican on the panel.
Heavens, this song was basically written for Juliet, with her raspy, gravelly voice. This was an awful match – she and Sarah have such different styles, sounds and approaches. The song choice just seemed like an unfair tipping of the scales in Juliet’s favor, because she absolutely killed it, and poor Sarah didn’t seem to stand a chance. “This song didn’t do your voice justice,” Christina told Sarah, before weighing in that Juliet should win.
Pirrello declined to be specific about the threats, saying it could possibly endanger council members. He said council members have reported being threatened in various ways such as being intimidated verbally to comply with people's demands on how to vote on the Walmart issue.
"Our people have an incredibly short memory of what happened back in 2009," Marchionne said. "I have zero empathy for that process today. I would ask everybody to come back to their senses and clean this stuff up."
White watched first hand as James worked tirelessly to get her coordination down so she wouldn't continue accumulating floor burns and bruises that came with her bothersome limbs.
But even after three consecutive early playoff exits, including second-round losses to San Jose the previous two years, don't expect the Wings to start a massive rebuild in the offseason. They believe they still have a strong nucleus with Datsyuk, Henrik Zetterberg, Johan Franzen, Valtteri Filppula, Niklas Kronwall and possibly Lidstrom.
*The potential for injury resulting from contact: This could've been bad. World Peace surely hurt Harden by hitting him above the shoulder. Had Harden turned at a slighter angle, World Peace could've hit his temple and caused more damage.
"I have a good friend who is a cop and he told us not to go outside," she said. "I thought he was in our building."
Police found a bullet in the boy's bedroom and casings in the street but are still looking for the shooter.
But Al and Kannikar Petersen saw something worth saving in the 1910 house.
All told, the city spends about $24 billion on the school system, including more than $8 billion from the state and nearly $2 billion from Washington.
No. 2 seeds: Ohio State, Michigan State, Missouri, Duke
He has earned four "National Coach of the Year" awards, his teams have won 20 New Jersey state titles and 17 county championships, and his teams have had 13 undefeated seasons. He has been named "New Jersey State Coach of the Year" seven times and is a member of the National High School Federation Hall of Fame, the Hall of Fame of the National Soccer Coaches Association of America, and the New Jersey High School Hall of Fame.
The storm was a fairly powerful Nor'easter that set records because it arrived so early in the year, according to meteorologist Kristin Kline of the National Weather Service in Mount Holly.
The county is paying up to $200,000 for a consultant, Public Financial Management Inc., to consider the best structure for the executive's office, whether to hire a chief of staff or chief financial and operating officers.
"It was flamed up when they got here," Scott said.
As Palin herself told reporters at the Statue of Liberty: "I do have to apologize to other tourists. We show up and kinda create some chaos."
Dish, Fox and Madison Square Garden all said they were open to negotiations.
Summer is filled with camps for children, newly freed from school, but an unusual one in Ahwatukee has proved to be a popular annual one-week adventure.
The unveiling was fitting on April 20 — or 4/20, which is slang for smoking marijuana — a day pro-marijuana legalization forces have used for annual gatherings to demonstrate in support of the cause. Nelson is a well-known advocate of legalizing marijuana and has been arrested several times for possessing it.
Credit a lot of people for allowing such talk in that locker room: Coughlin and his staff for getting this injury-ravaged team ready, Manning for backing up the “elite” talk, Jacobs for correcting his attitude, Ballard for making a leaping, 28-yard catch on third-and-10 on the final drive, Victor Cruz for drawing a 20-yard pass-interference penalty to set up Ballard’s touchdown, and everybody in white jerseys.
WASHINGTON — NPR president and CEO Vivian Schiller resigned today under pressure from the news organization's board, a day after an undercover video showed one of her executives on a hidden camera calling the tea party racist and saying NPR would be better off without federal funding.
The Journal hired a technology consultant, Ashkan Soltani, to analyze the 50 sites for three types of tracking methods commonly used online: "HTML cookies," "Flash cookies" and "beacons."
Mr. Bent was instrumental in creating a professional model for fire service. He spent 40 years as a firefighter, starting with the Los Angeles Fire Department in 1943. He moved to Redding in 1952 and became a state fire instructor responsible for training firefighters in 13 Northern California counties.
Bank shares around the region also were hit by a report from the International Monetary Fund warned that Spain and Italy would be the most affected by a severe credit crunch, as banks look to cut their balance sheets.
When - 1:30-6:30 p.m. Sunday
"Sometimes I'm surprised how easy it is to get musicians to come here," said Phares. "It's interesting to me how into it they are."
"The employee was right, in that my friend's son loved the puzzle she recommended," she wrote in the review. "But I don't need to pay extra for a recommendation."
“It started to rain,” Womack says. “The windshield wipers swung and went right off the car. I said, 'Damn!' ”
Nov. 18 at Kansas City, 1:00
Politi was pronounced dead at the Morristown hospital.
MSD agreed in June in U.S. District Court to undertake $4.7 billion in improvements over the next 23 years to settle violations of the federal Clean Water Act. The goal is to drastically reduce the flow of untreated sewage into the Mississippi and Missouri rivers.
Q: There have been plenty of portrayals -- even parodies -- for you to watch.
It snapped the Cavs' 13-game winning streak and their 11-game home winning streak. It was also their second loss to the Nuggets (36-18) by two points after they out-executed the Cavs (43-12) in the stretch run of a game in Denver on Jan. 8 as well.
Background: I grew up in a small town in Ohio. After graduating from college, I handled an outside sales territory in New England for a national manufacturing company. A territory change brought me to Iowa in the late 1980s. In the mid-90s, my employer was purchased by a larger corporation, and I knew it was time for a change. Drake University Law School offered me a full-ride scholarship, and three years later I went into practice for a law firm in Des Moines, doing mostly civil litigation. Once again, I felt the direction shifting and knew it was time to make another change. In 2011, I started my own law firm.
ø"There really was nothing in my mind that I have to stick this or I really need a good score," Priess said. "Championships always come down to the last routine. No matter if it was a close meet or not close, I knew I had to do my job.
Unmatched coverage
Catalina finished the season with a 29-2 mark. Their only two losses this year came to a pair of schools from California in a mid-season tournament.
—Hotel Granvia Kyoto, JR Kyoto Station. Spring rates from $184 per night. Higher during peak periods. Ask about discounts for Japan Rail Pass holders.
As the first African American elected to represent New Jersey in the United States Congress, Donald Payne was a civil rights pioneer and trailblazer. He dedicated most of his professional life to serving the public, providing strong representation and working hard to improve his constituents’ quality of life. He also was an international figure who campaigned tirelessly for human rights and raised awareness about the human tragedies in Africa. Today is a sad day because we have lost a statesman, we have lost a gentleman and we have lost a friend.
On Friday, Bruntrager filed affidavits asking that the trial before the board be dismissed because neither he nor his client were properly served with the charges before the proceedings began.
I am not a theologian, but I did go to an Archdiocesan church several times this year to take my son to Mass because he had a broken leg. On one occasion, I saw a female extraordinary minister who was distributing communion. She wore blue jeans. At another time, I saw a female high school student who wore silky trunks that did not cover her thigh. Does not God deserve better in his own house?
"I worry that it'll create a dog-eat-dog environment among teachers," said Rep. Joe Aull, a Democrat from Marshall who served as a teacher, principal and school superintendent.
In no time at all, they charmed this city with their accents, their never-ending parties and their down-to-earth humor. Who else would have named their clunker of a car Flatus, the nursing-school term for passing gas?
After his record-setting junior season, Mercilus talked to his parents and coaches about whether to go pro, got an estimate from the NFL about his possible draft ranking and declared himself eligible. Because of his athleticism, Mercilus also is being looked at as a 3-4 outside linebacker.
The U.N. Earth Summit in Rio 20 years ago ultimately led to the Kyoto Protocol on capping emissions of planet-warming greenhouse gases and a treaty on biodiversity.
What's an eight-letter word for a non-fiction feature that is witty, wise and wonderful? "Wordplay." Patrick Creadon's new documentary plunges us into the world of crossword puzzles and some of its grid-smitten prodigies -- a peerless constructor, whose home has giant crosswords as wall art; several puzzlers of stellar repute, all of them able to fill in the blanks of a tough New York Times crossword with such dazzling alacrity as to suggest that they'd already seen and memorized the answers; and the New York Times puzzle editor and NPR puzzle master Will Shortz, who boasts a college degree in enigmatology, or might do so were he not the opposite of boastful (a six-letter word beginning with 'm.')
Jennifer House of the Ohio Department of Health said 210 flu-related admissions were reported between Jan. 23 and Feb. 5, with most cases in the Columbus area.
Let him explain.
So, they began with geography: how the land drew the people and how it then shaped them. The atrium boasts a gorgeous terrazzo floor depicting a map of the state.
Adam: Since dropping the title in the first place, Rhodes has been made to look like a bit of a joke. I could see that as being the set-up to him regaining the title, but I don’t think he needs it. I think this is Show’s revenge at all the fun Rhodes poked at him. Hopefully this ends relatively painless for Rhodes, and he and Show both move on to new things.
“A homeowner had the legal right to use deadly force to defend themselves against intruders.
The biggest shock to my system, though, has been no fast food. I figured the Cavaliers would trade LeBron before I went six straight days without fast food. It's not that I've eaten it every day since I was introduced to it, but my average over the last 20 years probably has been 3-4 trips per week. Think of the cost and the lard. Not even Super Size Me, Morgan Spurlock's 2004 documentary about his month-long McDonald's diet, scared me straight.
This day, Megan loads the kids in the stroller, bent on a good day and a trip to the toy store. Moving 50 pounds of kids and about 30 pounds of stroller, Megan pushes up steep hills with no sidewalks.
Spending six months, or a year until next November, running for mayor would be a draining experience for Reese or anyone else contemplating it, and we can understand anybody wanting to take a slow, careful look at the decision.
From his desk, Mullin has a particularly good view of Legg Mason's new building.
The first SIEDO arrests came in early August, just after Ramirez left the agency's top post in a shake-up over unsatisfactory results against kidnapping and drug trafficking. Officials said at the time that his resignation was not tied to the emerging investigation inside the organized crime unit.
øSecond row has more legroom than some vehicles do in the front row, and that's a ton. Second row also slides fore-aft to help tailor people and cargo space to your needs of the moment.
One bad omen, then: McIlroy shot 75-77 to miss the cut in the 2010 Open at Pebble.
"It takes both of us and is not for the faint of heart," Nancy says.
Orange Senior Center and University Hospital's Ahuja Medical Center are hosting the event. The day will include a program on heart health and a free heart healthy lunch followed by a variety of valuable wellness screenings.
"This has been the catalyst to do the work," says Terrel Smith, president of the teachers union in Sherwood, where freshman failure rates plummeted and student test scores improved significantly. "We're so worried about money in Oregon that our good ideas often don't get off the ground. What this (project) did is allow us to put aside those worries for a minute and live in a little bubble and dream."
The Green squad will be coached by running backs coach Brad Salem. The White team will be coached by wide receivers coach Terrence Samuel.
Acting Education Commissioner Christopher Cerf is scheduled to speak today at the convention of the New Jersey Education Association in Atlantic City.
"This idea that we could actually change the global atmosphere in fundamental ways was both morally astonishing and scientifically fascinating," Mote says.
Sam Howard is also the name of a top Imagine executive who lives in New Jersey and oversees the Virginia-based charter school management company's operations in the Midwest.
2. Wash spinach (and sorrel if using) in several changes of water to get rid of the sand. Cook leaves in a large skillet with the water that clings to them just until wilted, then transfer the greens to a strainer. When cool enough to handle, chop roughly without wringing dry.
Want to know a secret, Chris? Guys like Hannity and Sharpton pay more attention to each other than most thinking folks pay to either one. It's a self-fulfilling prophesy that plays - and pays - well for them. Not so much for meaningful discourse.
Green day at West Port: West Port Plaza celebrates St. Patrick's Day today, starting by dyeing its lake green at 8 a.m. Trainwreck Saloon will serve free corned beef sliders from 4 to 7 p.m., and at 8 p.m. a green fireworks display will light up the sky.
But there was no other choice. The rest of Gonzalez's family had already fled Fidel Castro's communist regime, and the privileges she'd enjoyed as a gymnast on Cuba's national team had dwindled. It was getting painfully difficult to find the medicine needed to treat her son's asthma, to say nothing of the money it cost.
<U+FFFD> Question: Can the officer approach the men and ask them their legal status?
"Like I said to y'all the other day, a lot of teams always talk about how they run-and-gun, and I look at them like they really don't run like they say they do," Green said. "I look at the opportunities when I'm watching the other games, like if we would have got that ball right there, we would have pushed that so fast."
Current and former employees of City Museum joined family and friends of Cassilly's on the museum's rooftop terrace Monday evening to remember the artist. Over cans of Pabst Blue Ribbon beer and swigs of whiskey, they shared hugs and handshakes, tears and stories.
This isn't Verbiak's first gig with Boulud. Most recently, he helped open Maison Boulud in Beijing.
Then again, it was hard to pay attention. With every shot hand-held, and most in close-up, this may be the first feature filmed in Nauseavision. Even a simple scene of two people standing in a room jumps about like the cinematographer dropped a mongoose down his trousers.
Williams has a player option worth $3.1 million for next season, and Buchanan said that while it was still early to know for sure if Williams would exercise it, he guessed Williams would. Williams told Comcast Sportsnet Northwest that he would opt in for next season.
All the more reason to alert your physician or pharmacist each time you add a n ew medication – or even a vitamin or supplement – to your daily regimen, even if it's just for short-term use.
"This made our Christmas," said Mary Bouman, after her son had received a call from Sidney.
Cape Moreton, from Yeosu, South Korea, at Longview anchor
Case was on to something. A confluence of political and market forces gave Honda Motor Co. its big break in the U.S. in the '70s. Consumers who were suddenly worried about gas prices snapped up fuel-efficient small cars like the Civic that Case and a handful of other Honda dealers were selling. The Japanese automaker has found success by offering Americans affordable, reliable gas-sippers ever since.
Car dealer Tom Ganley this week lost his bid to get three of his Chrysler stores reinstated.
Instructions: Use hot glue to wrap the boas around the foam until the entire base is covered. (For a less permanent wreath, you could attach the boas with T-pins.) Trim the ends of the poinsettias with wire cutters and attach them to the wreath at each corner. Cluster three to five ornament balls and a few silk leaves using the attached wires. Arrange these clusters around the wreath in a balanced pattern and hot glue them into place. Attach the fancy ornament to an inside corner of the wreath, so that it falls in the center when the wreath is hung as a diamond.
McFarland was one of Arizona's most successful Democrats. He is the only state resident to hold the highest office in three branches of state government, as a U.S. Senator, governor and chief justice of the state Supreme Court. He also founded KTVK in Phoenix, Channel 3, and with his wife, Jewell, was one of the city's leading philanthropists. He died in 1984.
In a 15-minute question-and-answer session, people asked about the council's decision to approve a $31 million PGE Park stadium remodel for soccer, the 2030 bike plan that didn't pass the council Thursday, and the possibility that the mounted police patrol would be cut from the budget this year.
—A typical Mexican woman is projected to have an average of 2.4 children in her lifetime, compared with 7.3 children in 1960.
"We don't want to take that chance," he said. "It's a 70-year-old levee system."
Tony Hopson, founder and president of SEI, said the ACT test scores don't determine students' success in college but said the scores are an example of how public schools are not doing enough to serve students, especially African Americans.
People say reporters like to stick it to them. Last week, somebody stuck it to me while I was reporting.
Employees follow strict rules: Attendance is mandatory, nonwork chitchat is kept to a minimum and, above all, everyone has to stand up.
For the lobster sausage: Place a small skillet over medium heat and coat with the canola oil. When the oil is hot, add the fennel and saute until just tender, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.
Tickets to see Tucker, Christensen and the Globetrotters play in
Readers who are new to any or all of this may have difficulty figuring out how the components fit together. Those in search of the art part of the story will find that it gets lost in tales of the marriages, divorces, love affairs and sex lives of the artists — and their relatives and friends. Drohojowska-Philp also revels in physical descriptions of her subjects, anecdotes and juicy details.
The new editor devoted a lot of his attention to restoring the paper's reputation among advertisers. Its account of the start of the Grand Review -- a two-day parade by the massed forces of the Union army marking the end of formal hostilities -- appeared on a front page dominated by two columns of tiny type listing every city in the states (plus the Washington and Colorado territories and Canada) where The Plain Dealer circulated, as the leading voice of its party and the "only Democratic Daily in Northern Ohio!"
Luna threw his two cellphones to the floor and was hit in the legs by Hill, who pulled her off a sofa and dragged her toward the phones before throwing her against a wall. Then Hill put her in a chokehold, which caused her to gasp for air, according to the complaint.
They were standing Saturday morning on High Street in Chestertown, watching the annual holiday parade march by, when the big fluffy snowman came their way. Lilly, 9, and Maddie, 11, dutifully posed as Grandma snapped a photo — one of the last taken of Frosty as a free man.
Mr. Boehner came under fierce pressure from Republicans Friday, including from Mr. Cantor, who rejected one cornerstone of the big deal: $1 trillion in tax increases along with corporate and individual tax reform.
"We are all playing as hard as we can, and everybody wants to win," Pitt linebacker Tristan Roberts said. "Everybody respects the other players. We’re not trying to hurt each other and, if it happens, you feel bad."
1. Fill a medium bowl with ice.
The fiercest exchanges were between Norberto Santana, a former Register reporter who started Voice of OC with money from the county employees union, and Righeimer, who is the force behind Costa Mesa's recent decisions.
Q: If prices do fall further, does it follow that many homeowners will feel less wealthy, and they'll reduce spending and that will slow the economy?
Another way to fight Type 2: SLEEP! So don't drink that coffee late in the day. Just three weeks of inadequate sleep slows your metabolism and decreases insulin secretion (the hormone that controls blood sugar). That's a formula for diabetes. What you need: seven to eight hours a night, every night, and be consistent with your bedtime.
Makes 2 servings.
Many people eat hot sauce on everything, but de Vries believes standard food pairing philosophies extend to hot sauce.
Pilots who fly for United Continental Holdings on Thursday protested the slow pace of union contract talks by staging a march in downtown Chicago.
Well then, I say if we're going down the path to the dark side, we might as well go all in. Let's start with Predator drone strikes against the militia movement, skinheads, and any other group that has even so much as mentioned overthrowing the U.S. government or assassinating the president. No trials, no accountability, just remote controlled death from the sky that no one sees coming. If the right wingers have no problem with murdering traitors, with no judge or jury to ask questions, then they certainly shouldn't have a problem when we apply the same standards to them.
Bound Brook police arrested Scott and Jones in March 2007 after the two were found inside a car with two wax folds of cocaine outside Torpedoe's go-go bar in Bound Brook. Authorities said Jones tried to brush off the drug from his face and shirt when a police officer approached him, while Scott, who was on the driver’s side, allegedly tried to hide one of the wax folds between the door and the driver’s seat.
"People said, 'Don't waste your time. Vaccines don't work,' " said Sloan, a neurological surgeon at UH.
Historically, New York restaurants did have communal tables. “Even the tony Rotunda at the Astor House was communal dining,” William Grimes, the author of “Appetite City: A Culinary History of New York,” says of the favorite luncheon spot for the city’s gentlemen in the late 1800s. As more restaurants opened, he says, “eating at your own table became the norm.”
Irvin believed there was a chance he would be a late first-round pick. But his conversations with the Seahawks were limited to a long talk at the combine. There were no visits to Seattle or special meetings arranged. Schneider said Seattle considered trading back past No. 15, but didn't want to get too cute with the situation and have someone else jump up to grab Irvin.
Where: Church of the Redeemer, 2420 S. Taylor Rd., Cleveland Heights.
The bill's sponsor, State Rep. Matt Huffman, a Republican from Lima, defends the bill, saying that it gives families choice and that he doubts there will be "a mass exodus" from the best public schools. He must have never heard about the law of unintended consequences.
AN21 at Elektricity: Ibiza, London, Singapore, Amsterdam, Prague and Los Angles have all heard DJ AN21 perform. On Friday, Pontiac will be added to the list as the Swedish DJ plays at Elektricity Nightclub.
Admission: $5.95; $4.95, children 3-12 and seniors; $2 Kids Day on Thursday. Cost to see the championship race the night of August 10 is $9. Cost to see each qualifying race -- Monday, Aug. 4 and Sunday afternoon Aug. 10 is $7.
NEW YORK — Concerns over Wall Street practices and economic inequality that have led to sit-ins and rallies in New York and elsewhere reverberated up to the White House on Thursday, with President Barack Obama saying the protesters are expressing the frustrations of the American public.
david.ulin@latimes.com
We saw the salmon on the same day that the Census Bureau announced that the San Francisco-Oakland urban area is the second most urbanized region in the country, a place with more people per square mile (6,266) than New York-Newark (5,319).
The hit moved Murray into 23rd place on the all-time hit list with 2,944.
More builders, remodelers and homeowners are recognizing the fallacy of filling landfills with building materials that are either in good shape as-is or can be refurbished for use. Often, those secondhand treasures cost far less -- and come with more character and whimsy -- than similar accessories you could buy new.
Lee spent three seasons playing for Ben Howland at UCLA, the once-upon-a-time legendary championship program that in nearly a decade under Howland became something of a factory that produces overachieving NBA guards.
Houston, who had voluntarily checked into a rehabilitation center in May 2011, had been fighting drug and alcohol dependency for more than a decade.
It is seen as a potential challenger to similar-sized aircraft from Canada's Bombardier Inc. and Brazil's Embraer SA.
The association includes larger chains such as CVS/Caremark and Walgreen Co., along with community pharmacies, supermarkets, and popular discount stores such as Target and WalMart. Its members operate more than 40,000 pharmacies and employ more than 3.5 million people, including 130,000 pharmacists, the association says.
Except in a day when "bad boys" are celebrated and the media gravitate toward scuttlebutt and salacious scandal, like flies to poop, a clean-cut young man reared by missionary parents in the fear and admonition of the Lord is ridiculed for being "too good," reviled even, mocked. All of which to me amounts to a kind of religious bigotry.
Mearns noted that while Dimora has a right to adequate representation, he doesn't have the right to "Cadillac representation."
4710 Summer Run Dr; 3,520 square feet; on 3/30/2012 for $350,000
The politically powerful California prison guards' union has fought the search effort, arguing that such security measures would be an insult to its members and cost the state millions. Correction officers are paid for "walk time," the time it takes to get from the front door to their posts.
On Tuesday, Number 564, about 8 months old and 30 pounds, swims alone in a holding pool behind the scenes. He has been without sea otter companionship since arriving. Now, so close he can touch them, wait Aialik, Judge and Mojo on the other side of the water gate. The staff will introduce each otter one at a time and hope for the best – but are keeping the net handy just in case.
NUTLEY — In celebration of Women's History Month, the Women's Intiative of Nutley will present an exhibit of artwork created by women at the Nutley Public Library.
The Romney campaign has noted that Santorum voted for those earmarks, among many others, when he was a senator.
"We remain singularly focused on Tom Stillman completing his proposed transaction to purchase the St. Louis Blues' franchise. "The process is progressing positively, and we have no reason to think that it won't get done in the relatively near future."
More than Dwight Howard
"They've been doing everything promotional-wise to make sure that they put me out there. They're marketing me great all over the world. And that's all I need from them."
Derek Koehler, a psychologist at the University of Waterloo in Ontario, has found that visiting a website to fill out biweekly progress reports can enable people to boost their savings. Those who monitored their progress—by seeing how much they wanted to save and their deadline to achieve it, and then reporting how much they had set aside so far and whether they still were on track—were almost 20% more likely to hit their savings target than those who didn't fill out the reports.
Cochran said the training does not diminish the officers' judgment as to when to use deadly force, but it includes training in the complexities of people suffering from paranoia and delusions. In those circumstances, he said, the subject may perceive that he is protecting himself from the officer.
the manufacturer's name and directions; illegal ones are unlabeled), and store them in a cool, dry place. Illegal fireworks usually go by the names M-80, M100, blockbuster or quarter pounder. These explosives were banned in 1966, but still account for many fireworks injuries.
Class 2 District 4 at Bismarck
Maybe they have to let the rest of the team see Weeden first? The size. The arm. Maybe that's all they're waiting for to say Weeden is going into camp as No. 1 quarterback. They came surprisingly close to anointing him on the night of the draft, sloughing off the question about a quarterback competition while failing to dismiss another about possibly trading Colt McCoy.
Visits are limited to 15 minutes, but they don’t stay that long. They can see their mother is doing well, and it’s been a tiring day.
They need a visit from the Cavs to cure what ails them.
That bill has an uphill fight because legislators are attached to township government. Some pols got their political starts there. Suburban political operations are built around townships, much like organizations are built around Chicago wards. And the townships have a vocal lobbying operation.
It’s been a season of working out of a comfort zone for Midwood. The hope is things are starting to come together heading into playing the division’s top teams the second time around.
"Why would I pass a bill when they are saying it's dead on arrival?" he asked. "I have an obligation to our members not to waste their time."
Republicans, on the other hand, see a much brighter future now that Christie is no longer distracted by the national spotlight.
By MaryAnn Spoto
The program is part of the school's assistive educational technology class, which teaches students to use computer programs that help them read and write. School officials say these programs will help the students advocate for themselves in high school and college.
Sandy Koufax, Los Angeles vs. Chicago (NL), 1-0, Sept. 9, 1965.
A prevailing theory is that cutting the gut and bypassing a large section of the stomach stimulates the production of incretins, gut hormones that help control blood sugar.
It happened other times in the Ravens game, and in the two weeks previous, where the Browns simply did not get to the quarterback with the blitz, no matter its shape or size. And if the exotic looks before the snap have confused Josh Freeman of Tampa Bay or Matt Cassel of Kansas City or Flacco, none has shown it.
It's the latest example of the widening chasm between Fletcher and the local Republican Party, which once considered him a rising star with the potential to run for higher office.
A major WHO study found HIV rates fell more than 18 percent in cities with needle exchanges, while they rose 8 percent in areas that did not have them. The British and U.S. governments both approved needle exchanges in recent drug policies drafted to combat HIV. But in Russia's drug strategy for 2010-20, heroin substitutes are banned.
Jerry Skuhrovec, who worked part time in the Cuyahoga County auditor's office and as an appraiser for the sheriff's office, was in sweat pants and an Ohio State T-shirt. He was released on $50,000 bond after pleading not guilty.
"If federal law doesn’t change, then we think we’ll be fine," said Andrew Pratt, a spokesman with the state Treasury Department. "But, if not, we’ll do whatever we need to do to make sure we’re in compliance."
Helliwell's career path began late one night in 1950 when one of his graduate students, Jack Mallinckrodt, heard some strange descending whistling tones while monitoring radio waves produced by distant lightning.
This particular letter writer lies somewhere in between on the privacy scale, but in these days of easy Internet searches, privacy is a relative thing. It will not ease his mind to learn that in a matter of minutes, any savvy webcrawler could find out his age, where he's lived before, his party affiliation, any brushes he's had with the law and whom he's donated money to -- in addition to his street address.
Even though metro Denver homes have shown only marginal price appreciation so far this year, realty analysts say strong demand and multiple offers could soon push values higher in lower to moderate price ranges.
Chris: A key to the fantasy suite would have eased Kacie B’s nerves. Thanks for traveling 4,578 miles for that five-minute awkward conversation. That’s what Skype is for.
The lawsuit also cites risks of the landfill including impaired views and decreased property values, more truck traffic and discourage visitors to Labadie's Main Street. One plaintiff fears it will affect her alpaca operation.
"We booked this tour really not knowing what was going to happen, and if anything we booked it as an underplay," he said, using the concert-biz term for purposefully playing small venues to sell out.
This week, the Tide received 38 second-place votes and 1,418 points and the Cowboys got 22 second-place votes and 1,400 points. Two voters had Oklahoma State fourth.
The merger of Al Qaeda and Egyptian Islamic Jihad created a terrorist force of great ambition and destructive power.
Within three years, Allen Chen moved to Portland, leaving George behind in China to run manufacturing. Allen spoke little English, but persistence and charm eventually landed him sales contracts with demanding buyers, including Costco.
Minnery said many of the church and religious organizations that would back a religious-liberty measure have had more urgent matters to deal with this election cycle. He declined to name members of the coalition because, he said, religious communities involved in controversial ballot measures — such as Proposition 8, banning same-sex marriage in California — have suffered vandalism and harassment.
The song "Theraflu," in which Kanye disses Kris Humphries and crows about his love for Kim Kardashian, is now called "Way Too Cold."
When he recently lobbied in Washington with other members of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, a colonel told him companies are eager to hire veterans and mentioned one financial firm. Coincidentally, Pizzo had already applied there. When he came home, he had a rejection letter.
"But that’s a healthy way to go about it,'' Holmgren said. "No one’s strangling anybody or pushing anybody and we talked about that, and Pat’s kind of the peacemaker in the group. We all have our moments, but it’s real healthy and I trust them a lot.”
Final 10 ... 26.1 ... 25.8
But there is a catch: the deal isn't necessarily permanent. The buyers have the right to sell back their stake to Santander starting in four years.
Slowly, though, Patrick is recovering.
Foundation officials said last week that Ken Mason is the only university staff member to receive that kind of salary support from the foundation. When asked by the Register about the arrangement, spokesman Forrest Meyer declined to say why the organization is paying the costs associated with Mason<U+0092>s fundraising work.
The Republicans stand for smaller government, to let people keep more of their hard-earned money and work their way up the ladder of prosperity. The American dream is to be self-sufficient, entrepreneurial and productive in our great society. To be sure, we all need to help the truly needy along the way to success, but when people take from the successful (rich) and give to the poor, they ruin the incentive of both.
Seventy-five percent of skeletal bone mass is formed during adolescence and peaks by the time you’re about 20. If you did not get proper nutrition — particularly calcium — as a youngster, it’s nearly impossible to reverse the damage.
A. It's a problem. I see it in my characters, but it's hard to see it in a mirror.
What won't change, she said, are the income levels used to determine who will receive reduced-cost care. The Clinic -- along with other hospitals in Northeast Ohio -- lowers charges for those who earn less than 400 percent of the federal poverty level.
MONROE — A Monroe Township woman entered a plea of not guilty this afternoon to charges she poisoned her husband, who died last month, with thallium, a highly toxic metal.
"At the end of the day, after 2011, there was not really a usable harbor. Many docks were destroyed, the few left were weak and unusable. Twenty-six boats were destroyed. It was chaos in the harbor," Young said.
Compiled by Vickie Heath, The Denver Post
Brown said of Bynum, 24: "He had a heck of a season compared to last season."
Before the javelin Saturday, Ryan Crouser set the tone by twice breaking the state record in the shot.
Life expectancy in the U.S. is currently about 78 years and rising. The 5.4 million Americans who suffer from Alzheimer's include 13 percent of those over age 65.
We both are pretty philosophical in that when you're hot, you're hot; when you're not, you're not. If you put any emphasis on what you did right and what you did wrong, it'll make you crazy. You'll never know why you get a job and why you don't. My job is to stay up and engaged and enjoying life, period. The rest of my career will handle itself. God bless Keith—he does a lot of hard, crappy work, talking to angry, sad, pissed-off, fearful people to help me in my career. But that ain't my job, and it's not my job to put anything on him, ever. I got the greatest job on the planet, "CSI," and I'm being paid lots of money and it's thanks to him.
Desperation seems to define everything the Coyotes do.
Mayer said Franklin developed a reputation in Ottawa as a serious and highly productive scholar and curator and as an exceptional person who was easy to work with.
The Clippers' bench was outscored, 50-23.
The union also offered salary concessions for new hires, but Hakim said that with trends pointing toward more people using E-ZPass — the E-ZPass penetration on the Turnpike is 76 percent and Parkway is 73 percent — there wouldn’t have been many new hires.
Madi Tominello, Taylor Schnorr, Kaylyn Smith, Meagan Watson and Haley Fisher each scored two goals and Palmer Ridge outshot Thomas Jefferson 25-0.
This year, the Toyota Tundra and Ford F-Series will be eligible for the AMI because both have 75 percent domestic parts content, according to current data from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. For the F-Series, that's 15 percentage points better than a year ago. The Tundra was the only pickup in the 2011 index, ranking eighth among all cars and trucks. As for the Ridgeline, these are preliminary numbers but they are likely to be close. Domestic parts content for the Ram and Chevy Silverado are relatively unchanged from a year ago, and are well below the cutoff. Keep in mind, though, that the domestic parts content among some models can shift wildly year to year.
Immediately?
This was a day on which Paul Brown's club was "up on the bit" as the coach put it.
That the banks managed to turn a profit at all is remarkable. Just 10 months ago, many of them looked to be on the verge of collapse. The stock market staged a huge rally this week, driven by the signs of health in banking.
''It was kind of a confidence boost to see that my sinker was actually getting groundballs for once,'' Duensing said.
ø"You used to have this moment when you bonded with the artist through the actual album, but now there's nothing to see, and it bugs me," Gittins says. "Our company caters to people who want to have a physically beautiful object, either to hold onto themselves or to give as a gift."
Her office at Morristown's Moore-Murrell Airport, some 45 miles northeast of Knoxville, was filled with awards, citations and mementos. At 95, she was still managing the airport she had run since 1953, where she had taught more than 3,000 student pilots and certified more than 9,000 pilots for the Federal Aviation Administration.
In turn, Arizona provided copper to the United States at a time when the nation needed it most -- the invention of electrical transmission across long distances meant the need for copper, a good conductor of electricity. Before copper, there were gold mines and silver mines, but those were fleeting compared with what copper would provide when the boom started in 1890.
"A great historian and a great Jew," President Shimon Peres said at a public event earlier in the day, asking the audience to observe a minute of silence in his memory.
305 AUTUMN RIDGE $178,500
Rianne Theriault-Odom, 29, has pleaded not guilty to attempted murder, mayhem and torture and was being held on $1 million bail.
Due to the nature of the recipe, an accurate analysis is not possible.
Fisher's challenge says the Top Ten Percent law was working to increase diversity and that minority enrollment was higher than it had been under the earlier race-conscious system.
Ramona Jackson, who a friend said is also known as Shonette and Nettie, was a 40-year-old Staten Island resident who lived on Grandview Avenue, according to Union County Prosecutor Theodore Romankow.
Flyers make a push late in the period, but Hartnell can't get his stick on a puck on the doorstep.
With the youth organization's 100th anniversary in March - its cookie fundraiser will engulf San Diego offices and grocery-store entrances through Sunday, when booth sales end - it's the right time to issue a Kitchen Masters Challenge, Girl Scout-style.
"I feel a deep sense of responsibility for the people we have hurt and I want to reiterate how sorry I am," Ms. Brooks said in an email to staff Friday. "I have believed that the right and responsible action has been to lead us through the heat of the crisis, however my desire to remain on the bridge has made me a focal point of the debate."
She used the zinfandel grapeseed oil to make a batch of brownies, and found the varietal's typical berry taste paired perfectly with the chocolate.
It's a league game against an opponent the Timbers should defeat, and it is one of the few home league games remaining on the schedule.
Why did it happen? "I think that probably the officers did not really know if they were ordered to kill the villagers or not…a lot of guys feel that they (the South Vietnamese civilians) aren’t human beings… we just treated them like animals."
He urged governments to engage in "decisive structural reforms" and to "give the sense that there is a joint effort, an overall effort." He said the broad push for basic changes that got Europe ready to launch the euro in 1999 could serve as an example.
If by some chance you missed any of the LISTEN performances from the past few months, you're in for a treat. I now present to you eighteen local bands in one video. Thanks to Bo and the Locomotive for providing the soundtrack (with R&R Labs engineering the audio) for this video montage, and congratulations to them for topping Paste Magazine's article on "10 Missouri Bands You Should Listen To Now."
Some of Racine's fellow police officers, Mannion said, gathered at the pub Thursday evening to show their respect for their colleague.
In the locker room after the game, Harrellson’s teammates said the performance provides evidence of the 6-10, 275-pound Harrellson’s strength.
After mating, the male warblers spend months quietly rearing their young. They begin to sing again in August, when the nestlings fledge. Betts thinks they teach their offspring their singing tricks. "If you want to pass on your genes, you want your kid to be just as sexy as you are," he says.
One night two weeks after the deal was struck, Lauri says, she made an unannounced visit and found Josh, about nine friends, empty cases of beer, marijuana, and people smoking cigars. She ordered Josh out the next morning. He took any clothes that he wanted at that time and left very few behind, she says.
Chris Stewart and Vladimir Sobotka have scored for the Blues, while Colin Wilson and Roman Josi have netted goals for the Predators.
Another contingent of officers stood guard on the plaza outside the bank and denied the group entrance.
Apple, Penguin and Macmillan want to protect the so-called agency model that lets publishers -- not vendors -- set e-book prices, said the people on April 5, who declined to be identified because they weren’t authorized to speak publicly.
Then there is Gingrich, the former U.S. House speaker who, despite being far back in recent polls, is paying just enough attention to Ohio to cut into the conservative vote Santorum would prefer to have to himself. Gingrich spent all week campaigning elsewhere, mainly Georgia, one of his home states and the state awarding the most delegates on Super Tuesday. Polls show Gingrich ahead there, but a loss would be embarrassing and most certainly force him from the race.
Around the same time, Pinnacle began combining back-of-the-house services like marketing and purchasing at both casinos. It's launching new advertising campaigns this spring for both properties. It has parted ways with two celebrity chefs, replacing their big-name restaurants with establishments more geared to the local market.
ABC settled a case on confidential terms last year with the Tokyo Broadcasting System over allegations that ABC's hit show "Wipeout" was a copycat of several Japanese game shows such as "Takeshi's Castle," "Most Extreme Elimination Challenge" and "Ninja Warrior."
Let Brandon Jacobs explain it: “We have a great quarterback that can make plays,” the earth-mover said after the Giants’ exhilarating, 37-34 triumph at Cowboys Stadium.
PNLL Pirates 1
It already had been a frustrating day for the Diamondbacks catcher, who struck out on seven pitches in his first two at-bats before bouncing into a double play to end the seventh.
4. Ron Howard is a perfect two for two at the Oscars: two nominations, two wins. He picked up statues for best director and best picture (as a producer) for "A Beautiful Mind" in 2001. He's again up for two prizes tonight (for directing and co-producing best picture nominee "Frost/Nixon"), but is an extreme long shot for both.
"Sir, you just had your ear bitten," Baird informs one surprised visitor, after Buddy, an African Grey Timneh, starts to nibble at its host. "That means, 'I've had enough, put me away.' "
Working out is also not what I expected. Rather than tired, I feel invigorated when I'm done. I do feel like it's making a difference.
Did Elway just become the second-most talented quarterback to ever wear a Broncos jersey?
That's when he threw away a two-stroke lead in the final three holes -- who can forget him needing three swings just to escape the bunker at No. 16? -- and allowed Ben Curtis to snatch away the claret jug with one of the sport's most shocking upsets.
Front, leather-trimmed seats in the R-Design are new, with bolsters that are more prominent and seat cushions providing new padding. It's all meant to keep driver and passenger in place during spirited driving. It also can mean a bit of a struggle for some, less-athletic drivers and passengers to get out of these seats.
"This is a four-year sponsorship. There are many things we will do with it over the next four years," Tilden said. "But we'll leave those to the announcements when we do them."
Thompson responded, “I totally agree.”
"We've spent a lot of time turning attention to statehouse candidates, but this whole mess has just sucked all of the attention and the energy away from the great candidates," she said. "The whole situation has become so convoluted."
“That’s like saying you’ll buy a lottery ticket but that you want to receive your award check first,” Nichols said.
Former Oregon State standout Seth Tarver, who was in the Blazers training camp, added four points for Idaho, which was without former Lake Oswego High standout Salim Stoudamire, who was out with an injury.
"It was a big, ugly heated war," Opacic says. He was living in Rossmoor at the time, and he couldn't go to Marie Callender's without someone offering their opinion.
Mets manager Terry Collins was also concerned about an eye injury; Tejada’s face hit the dirt, leaving scrapes around his eye, Collins said.
Alfredo Perdiguero, a senior economist at the Asian Development Bank in Bangkok, said the EU move would spur investment and create new markets for Myanmar. But he said its overall effect would be limited because the country's economy is already growing and the nation has been boosting economic ties with its neighbors, including China and Thailand.
STEPHEN MORGAN, 66, DeLand, died Wednesday. Baldwin Brothers Cremation Society, New Smyrna Beach.
Mr. Yook, the son of a Korean immigrant, grew up in Detroit and attended the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. He joined Goldman in the late 1990s and worked briefly with Mr. Korenberg in the company's New York offices. By late 2001, Mr. Yook was working at Galleon.
It's the latest off-the-field issue for King, a highly touted recruit at Georgia who ran into several problems during his college career. He was arrested for failing to appear for a court date on a speeding ticket and declared academically ineligible in his final year at Georgia and went undrafted in the supplemental draft before signing with the Vikings.
The U.S. government used to be the ultimate customer for some American companies—consistent, deep-pocketed and faithful to its contracts. Now its deep pockets have holes.
Jamie Merisotis is president and CEO of the Lumina Foundation in Indianapolis (luminafoundation.org).
"Whether you like it or not, other countries are Export-Import Bank on steroids," said Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham, whose state of South Carolina is manufacturing Boeing's new 787 Dreamliner. "If we just get out of this business, companies like Boeing will be unable to sell their airplanes."
City Hall insiders also have been speculating about all the time Jew has spent with Colleen Crowley, an old friend and Newsom's liaison to the Board of Supervisors, who has been closely involved in facilitating Jew's transition to office. Jew insists that he will remain independent as a supervisor.
Ten members of the U.S. military also are under investigation for misconduct, and investigators have identified at least 20 women believed to be prostitutes who were brought into the hotel.
Tracy Weber can be reached at tracy.weber@latimes.com
The Riverside deputies detained Nash and Angels, both of whom are Lake Elsinore residents.
On the other, the light-touch policy of recent years helped spur the growth of subprime lending and the creation of financial instruments known as over-the-counter derivatives, which played major roles in the financial crisis and collapse of major investment banks.
2 large russet potatoes, cut into thick slices
Seamlessly fitting the 1,000-car parking garage into the area represents one of the proposed line's biggest hurdles, Hunter said. Community residents hope to secure one of Metro's Nature in Neighborhood's capital grants to help with that planning.
Linebackers Brian Smith and Benjamin Jacobs were hoping to avoid pink slips. So were offensive lineman Dominic Alford and Jarrod Shaw.
One contestant may drop the jaws of old-Hollywood gossip fans. Beverly Aadland was the teenage girlfriend of Errol Flynn, who was then in his 50s. (Flynn would die in Aadland's arms, in 1959.) Aadland's relationship with Flynn was not public knowledge at the time of this appearance, but it was certainly an open secret in Hollywood. (When Marx asks Aadland if she has a boyfriend, one can't help but believe he was being a bit canny.) At Marx's invitation, Aadland sings Elvis Presley's "All Shook Up" as Marx dances around her -- a culture-clash moment.
Spicer said the clip is available on YouTube and will air at the monitors at the 8th and Market streets station in Philadelphia. The video can also be seen at www.ridepatco.org.
Turning Points in San Diego Civil Rights History, 7 p.m. June 4 (reception at 6:30 p.m.): Carrol Waymon and John Warren lead a discussion of the civil rights movement in San Diego.
In his speech, Cameron decried multiculturalism's "hands-off tolerance" of some cultural behaviors -- he used the example of forced marriages -- that are antithetical to Western values. Instead, Britain needs to win the hearts and minds of newcomers with the ideals of personal liberty and individualism, combating multiculturalism-induced rootlessness that can cause some to find a home in political extremism.
It's clear we have some exciting times ahead as we continue to watch the future of homeownership take shape in our great state.
Xavier had won an Atlantic 10 Conference-record 43 consecutive games at home, going back to a loss to St. Joseph's on Feb. 28, 2006, more than a year before Majerus was hired at SLU. SLU hadn't beaten Xavier, which has won five consecutive A-10 regular-season titles, since 2007 and last won at Xavier on Jan. 22, 2006.
McCarthy, now 39, grew up in Deerfield. His father once ran Zenith Electronics.
Chatfield at Littleton, 7 p.m.
The spokesman said the police had no information about a military operation in the area and would continue to investigate the killings.
The former San Diego State quarterback correctly answered 35 out of 50 questions on the 12-minute multiple-choice exam in February. By comparison, Manning scored a 28 prior to being drafted No. 1 in 1998. Elway -- the No. 1 pick in 1983 -- scored a 29.
Ted Farnen, spokesman for that agency, said Roberson was fired last week. He said the department was "heavily involved in this investigation," but he declined to comment on how many licenses might be involved.
Often, the West Coast swing seems to cheat loyal fans. A first pitch that comes after 10 p.m. in the East means only a few innings for those who can't sleep in or who don't react to caffeine like a racehorse to the starting bell.
Claiborne joined KTRS in 2006 from KFNS. He's been a sports-talk radio fixture for decades at a variety of area stations. He's also close to Mike Shannon, who works for the team no matter what station the broadcasts are on. Shannon has said publicly that Claiborne could be the Cards next play-by-play man.
Also receiving votes: Family Day at Oregon History Museum (Sat.); Joan as Police Woman at Mississippi Studios (Sat.); Portland Saturday Market (Sat., Sun.); Farmers Market at PSU (Sat.); Kenton Street Fair (Sun.)
When relationships end, they're supposed to end. Even if 9 out of 10 things were perfect, there was something you were too immature to see at the time or didn't have the communication skills to work through. You've got to tell yourself it wasn't supposed to work out and the next one will be better.
The plaintiffs say implementation of the maps would force property owners with mortgages from federally regulated lenders to buy flood insurance, though many of those affected are poor and can't afford it. The plaintiffs say implementation of the maps would devastate land values and would "effectively prohibit any development anywhere in the area, depriving residents of jobs and municipalities of tax revenues."
3515 6 Bench Beauty (K Krigger)20
If you're like me and are riled by high markups and still want an alcoholic drink, another option is to order an Anchor Steam or Amstel Light ($3.50) or to bring your own wine and pay the $20 corkage fee.
Analysts polled by FactSet were expecting earnings of 42 cents per share for the latest quarter
soda fountain where he first worked.
"You’re lying," one detective says. "I tell by your eyes, you panicked the second you saw him. You know it’s him. You already told us it’s him."
Sheriff's deputies camped at the crash site overnight because the area, surrounded by rugged terrain, was too treacherous for deputies to search for bodies overnight, Babeu said.
After little more than a year in his new job, Franklin said he’s not yet ready for major announcements, but that virtually “every waking moment is occupied in bringing all of this to fruition. It’s an incredible challenge, but what an opportunity.”
Things have changed in 20 years. We used to know who was running things. We don't know any more.
Great, resurrect an idea that was shot down in 2009. Good luck with that. This year's event had more than 60,000 people roaming the streets, many of whom had only the vaguest connection to the race. The mob is spread out over 7 miles across the city and although the race started at 8 a.m., many of them were still staggering around late in the afternoon. How are you going to keep the alcohol away from them?
So far, no deaths have been connected to the strain of the bacteria, which has sent 10 people to the hospital and sickened 93 people nationwide, according to the Centers for Disease Control. The first cases emerged in late January and have continued through March 23, with those affected ranging in age from 4 to 78.
The photo was taken in a home in the 3100 block of Osage Street, where Carlos Boles exchanged gunfire the morning of March 8 with members of the St. Louis Police Department and the U.S. Marshal Service. Deputy U.S. Marshal John Perry died after being shot in the head. A city policeman, Jeff Helbling, and another marshal, Theodore Abegg, both were wounded. Boles was killed in return fire.
“I had a sports hernia in 2010 that I dealt with all year,” Byrdak said. “And it just (stunk). Didn’t have fun. It was a grind every day, and I didn’t ever feel like I was 100 percent. And I didn’t want that feeling here.”
More importantly, Maury Wills is still teaching bunting in his pit. Tommy Lasorda is lunching with guests. Vin Scully is in the broadcast booth. The green Dodgers jerseys for the traditional St. Patrick's Day game are on order. Manny Mota still rides his bicycle from training field to batting cage and back.
The case is to be reviewed again next Friday, and Gentz faces a parental rights termination hearing in April.
The league said Smith and Fujita pledged significant sums to the program pool for “cart-offs” and “knockouts” of opposing players.
Fires destroy dead plants, allow sunlight to stimulate dormant plants and make it easier for grazing animals to feed.
But that doesn't mean students aren't learning to say "Hola" and "Merci." Spanish is still the most popular language offering, followed by French.
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co.
"I will be focused on it after the weekend, and we will address Darlington a little different if it is outside the top 35, because we'll have to put a lot more focus on qualifying," she said. "I'm sure it'll be a big challenge, but I'm prepared to do it if I have to do it.
A Maple Shade toddler saved his grandmother's life Friday with a call to 911.
The two men left behind two other friends, Kevin McCarthy and his wife, Bridget McCarthy. At first, the McCarthys told the police they didn't know the two men who ran away. Eighteen days later, they admitted that they did, records show - and that they'd shared a cab with them to Division Street just before the confrontation.
Ultimately, the solution to the problem of chronically abused children will only emerge when the social message is clear that those who aren t prepared to become responsible parents must not become parents.
Q. Including, of course, "The Sound of Music." Which I know took you some time to come to terms with.
Aside from another on Broad Street to grab a bite to eat at, the new venue is was responsible for the creation of 60 new full and part-time jobs.
A case in point: since last Friday, the entire Oregon coast has been closed to the recreational mussel harvesting. The mussels are tainted by a paralytic shellfish toxin that can kill humans.
‘‘Nah, I don't watch much football,'' Hurd said. ‘‘I just lay low.''
Her appreciation of Royal Icing's flexibility for decorating stems from her cake-baking days.
Seidlitz said Burning Man's probationary status does not jeopardize this year's event. His agency issues special recreation permits for the event on an annual basis, and has yet to grant one for this year.
Meyer described the project as a happy marriage between an austere, open floor plan and warm, inviting finishes.
Dorff is a producer here, and you can imagine why – this hero’s nightmare is an actor’s dream, the camera turned on him in closeup for 90 minutes, while he emotes, and emotes and then emotes some more.
Solar-equipment installers welcome the program as an alternative to the existing system of tax breaks and cash incentives, which will continue.
TRENTON — The state senator who sponsored New Jersey’s medical marijuana law said he was given some of the details today as to how Gov. Chris Christie’s administration plans to make pot legally available, and is not happy about what he heard.
"Stoned Soul Picnic"
They have helped support struggling families in many ways including paying utility bills, providing gift cards for gas, groceries, food cards for the hospital cafeteria, developing fund raisers for families, Christmas gifts for the families, bags of “Hope,” donating can tabs for the Ronald McDonald houses, and many other acts of kindness.
øMenounos watches the videos at the end of the night, while relaxing in an Epsom salt bath. "It's a learning tool. I say, 'Why did I bend that leg? The arm is supposed to be somewhere else.' "
In Mariposa, a mountainside hamlet, Pasley approached a woman in bright red slacks with his usual query. "Excuse me, can I take your photograph?"
When figuring out what you can afford, think about additional expenses you have and whether you can handle them after taking on a mortgage. Ferri asks his clients to think about how much they are willing to sacrifice in exchange for home ownership.
4. Dan Dakich.
Come Tuesday night, look for continuing showers and mostly cloudy skies with a low around 44.
Former Rutgers University student Dharun Ravi was found guilty today of a hate crime, evidence tampering and invasion of privacy for using a webcam to spy on his roommate’s liaison with another man. Ravi, 20, was convicted on all 15 counts against him — including four bias intimidation counts — but acquitted on some of the bias charges involving his former roommate, Tyler Clementi, an 18-year-old freshman. The jury found Ravi not guilty of all bias counts pertaining to the man Clementi was seen with during the webcam spying. It is a a high-profile case that sparked awareness of cyber-bullying and harassment of gay teenagers.
We are a town, he opined, of calamari and crab cakes, seared ahi and Caesar salad.
The designer has made clothes with lenticular, reflective plastic typically used in products including cars' tail lights and direction signals, as well as in television display panels, and a fabric that changed color according to the wearer's body temperature. Working with foam "was probably the most peculiar and complicated technique that I ever did," Mr. Zucchelli says.
"I'm good," Carter said with his reserve role. "There is nothing to talk about (with coach Alvin Gentry). JD's playing great basketball so he should be in the lineup now.
Oct. 29 Wisconsin
Messrs. Sullivan and Gaines plan to attend neighborhood or community meetings across the city and stick around until everyone's questions are answered.
Yet he seemed poised for a comeback. Jackson was set to headline 50 sold-out concerts in London, starting next month and running through March 2010.
Based on information reported to shareholders, The Star has compiled this accompanying chart to provide a record of 2010 pay for the Star 50* CEOs.
Rosacea can affect the eyes, reddening them and drying them. They feel like sand has been thrown onto their surfaces. An eye doctor handles this aspect of rosacea.
To name a few:
Beijing Automotive would be one of three or four companies that have expressed interested in Volvo.
In fact, her look -- and she’s still slender -- suits her role as a take-no-prisoners, butt-kicking former CIA agent searching for her kidnapped son. Sometimes, onscreen, she looks tired. Judd, who will be 44 next week, doesn’t look like the luminous sylph with jutting collarbones who swanned into a gala in an evening gown in the 1999 thriller “Double Jeopardy.” But who would after traipsing around the world, fighting evil people and still not getting your kid back?
"I started working for KOST 103.5 back in February of 1986 ... part time ... I met everyone, Mark and Kim, Mike Sakellarides, Bryan Simmons, Liz Kiley and Ted Zeigenbusch. ... Program director Jhani Kaye was instrumental in my MAJOR market development."
From those depths, Svennungsen, 56, has climbed to a sixth-floor office near downtown Minneapolis, the base from which she will face her newest challenges as the first female Lutheran bishop to serve in Minnesota.
But the June 10-17 congress is being held against the backdrop of new revelations over how the country's primate, Cardinal Sean Brady, handled the case of a serial abuser in the 1970s — revelations that have sparked new calls for his resignation.
In the end, I finished fourth out of six in my age group, with an official time of 39 minutes, 41 seconds -- a good 20 minutes behind the leaders.
The proposed development goes before the city's planning commission on Monday night. The next step will be getting a building permit, said Aimee Nassif, Chesterfield's planning and development director.
Maintaining purchasing power has been a motivating force for Cora V. Combs, a 61-year-old 3M Co. scientist who lives in Castaic. Combs, who plans to retire at 66, said her 401(k) savings plan is heavily invested in stocks, and she expects to keep it that way.
Western New Mexico
The perfect match for Mother's Day pancakes, waffles and french toast?
It's a few days before Christmas, the mercury is dropping precipitously and uncharacteristically -- snow could be on the way -- and lives collide in this "Short Cuts"-style drama of racial tension and rapprochement. Anthony (Chris "Ludacris" Bridges) and Peter (Larenz Tate), two hoodlums for hire from the 'hood, relieve an ambitious D.A. (Brendan Fraser) and his spoiled pettish wife (Sandra Bullock) of their black SUV. An African-American police detective (Don Cheadle) woos his Latina partner (Jennifer Esposito) after an unpleasant encounter with a Korean woman. A Mexican locksmith addresses the security needs of a Persian shopkeeper (everyone seems to think he's an Arab but never mind) after he completes a job for Rick, the D.A. and his bitter half, Jean. An African-American television director and his wife feel the long arm of the law as embodied by a bigoted cop (Matt Dillon) and his idealistic rookie partner (Ryan Phillippe). A Mexican housekeeper, patronized and ill-used at every turn, proves to be the only sure thing in her employer's crowded, lonely existence.
Hardin led Novitzky through a date-by-date summation of the investigation of Radomski and then McNamee. Hardin called into question how a search warrant served on Radomski's house in December 2005 didn't turn up a shipping label that the lawyer said would later "magically" surface — a label that allegedly was used to send performance-enhancing drugs to McNamee at Clemens' house.
It is alleged Zaremba, driving a Ford Explorer, drove through a red light on Route 73 where it intersects with Myers Avenue in Winslow Township on Aug. 31, 2010 and slammed into a Voyager minivan being driven by Tricia Broomall, 41, of Deptford, killing her.
They instantly fell in love with great neighbors and the community's roomy acre lots. Three decades later, their home is a gathering place - the go-to spot for family holidays and impromptu parties.
Perhaps you'd like cookbook author Dorie Greenspan's bananas sauteed in brown sugar? Or maybe Alex Guarnaschelli's molasses and honey simmer spiked with lemon juice and crisped bacon is more your style. Or keep is sweet and creamy with Melissa D'Arabian's cream cheese whipped with lemon juice and powdered sugar, then topped with fresh raspberries.
But with things now shifting to Colorado, the Nuggets are going to need the thin air and a whole lot more to find resuscitation.
He recalls vowing, "If I ever amounted to anything, I would fight for parks."
"I was calling this room the 'family room,' but it's really the 'hearth room.' "
A support group session for all residents impacted by the fire is slated to take place from 10:30 a.m. to noon Wednesday at 1290 Commodore Drive in San Bruno. For more information about the county-sponsored event, call 800-686-0101.
"The first fall of snow is not only an event, it is a magical event. You go to bed in one kind of a world and wake up in another.... "
Even though Mayweather has been eating at fast-food restaurants in Las Vegas <U+0096> including El Pollo Loco and Popeyes, as seen on HBO's "24/7" <U+0096> he'll enter Saturday's fight physically fit.
For Marte, 25, the injury is a huge downer after he'd made an Opening Day roster for the first time. "A shame," Leyland said. "I feel bad for us, but worse for him."
Green Building Group discussion group "Talking Green," a Steamboat Springs Green Building Group, meets for educational discussions at 5:30 p.m. the 4th Tuesday of every month at Harwigs/L'Apogee, 911 Lincoln Ave. Info: 970-879-7529.
The projections were included in reports given to City Council members last spring as lawmakers considered a plan to cut fire engines and ambulances from more than one-fifth of the agency's 106 firehouses.
In a statement Wednesday, Reese thanked the council for its vote.
Tulowtizki was dealing with hip-flexor soreness during the season-opening series in Houston but played through it. He insists he's not hurt.
Lava Vine Winery & Tasting Room
--Your arteries are healthy: Hardening of the arteries impedes blood flow.
After declaring two weeks ago that the project was dead, Christie granted a two-week review period at the request of federal Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood to look into alternative funding and other means of moving forward with the project.
The Northeast Ohio Software Association honored several local technology companies with its Best of Tech awards Thursday, acknowledging new technologies and new growth opportunities for the region.
Eileen Korey, a former MetroHealth spokeswoman now with the University of Akron, said, "David could best be described as intense--intensely focused on advancing the public's understanding of sudden cardiac death, and intense about making sure that the delivery of health care was efficient and available to all in our community. And he was equally intense in his recreation."
Many are still reeling from the suggestion that the same women who supported Hillary Clinton would turn around and vote for a radical conservative like Palin out of - what? - spite? The notion that droves of women would shift their allegiances because any skirt will do illustrates an astonishing disregard for the collective intelligence of our gender. Not that this is anything new in politics, but, man, did they have to be so obvious?
Another actress deeply linked to the house was fashion icon Marlene Dietrich — who loved Christian Dior so much she moved just down the road on Avenue Montaigne.
Blunt claimed in his appeal that he should have been allowed to take a polygraph test and also claimed the guard couldn't have accurately heard the conversation in the noisy prison yard.
Shares of the Dallas-based company fell 11 cents to $11.89 in late afternoon trading.
I bet the person who came up with the ridership estimate of the M-1 light rail system was the same guy who forecast the ridership of the downtown People Mover. If you remember, they really hit the nail on the head, right?
Accessibility: Wheelchair access through the back.
As a nation and as Coloradans, we are going to have to come to grips with the cost of educating our young people — and the cost of failing to do so.
Ebay provides limited protection to buyers who purchase stolen or counterfeit merchandise, but according to a spokeswoman, the company requires buyers to file complaints within 45 days of payment – a deadline you missed by months.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Jeff Verdone signed his NCAA bracket with, "Representing the best fans in the world." So he understands the responsibility of carrying an entire community on his back.
Seelie earned a master's in public administration at Cleveland State and won the Ward 3 council seat in 1991. He helped revise the sale terms of an office building at the city-owned Lakewood Hospital and move a planned dog park to Rocky River Reservation. He vainly supported a proposed income tax hike and a West End project, but helped several other developments arise.
"I can't believe it did all this without pulling someone out of that trailer," he said as he picked up debris out of a nearby field.
When officers arrived at the scene, the woman's boyfriend flagged them down.
"You don't," he said, "move forward with something like that."
The defense team’s childhood trauma theory further unraveled Thursday when Sowell’s younger half-sister Tressa Garrison, testified that their mother rarely lashed out at her or her brother, and that there was no reason to believe Sowell had ever suffered sexual abuse either.
WASHINGTON -- The Senate has passed overhaul legislation that would allow the financially strapped U.S. Postal Service to avert immediate bankruptcy, giving it a cash infusion while delaying decisions on closing post offices and ending Saturday delivery.
The statement, which comes after a review of 500 journal articles and studies, notes that there have been a lot of population studies that suggest a link between poor oral health and poor heart health, meaning people who have gum disease are also more likely than the Average Joe to have heart disease as well. And vice versa.
In urging Congress to approve clean energy tax credits, Obama cited Energetx Composites LLC, a wind turbine blade manufacturer in Holland, Mich., that received millions in government assistance. Invited to sit in the first lady's box during the speech Tuesday night was Bryan Ritterby, 58, who went to work for Energetx after being laid off from his furniture-making jobs three years ago.
The elegance of old Hollywood is reflected in a 1940 home designed by Aubrey St. Clair. The large rooms and spacious grounds recall days gone by, but the landscaping and interior design offer ideas for contemporary living.
Eclipse of logic? A story in Thursday's paper noted that legislators neglected to fund the state's 5-year-old solar-energy incentive program. Asked whether Gov. Charlie Crist might ask lawmakers to take up the matter in the special session, the governor's office responded that they might be too busy talking about oil drilling and ways to promote renewable resources. Think about that for a minute.
Though similar accidents have been widely reported this year, there's "no evidence of any uptick," IDOT spokesman Guy Tridgell said.
"There is a lot of conversation about what does this mean and what do we do about it," said Andrea Henderson, executive director of the Oregon Community College Association.
It's not easy for a writer to bring together multiple characters from multiple movies and blend them into a cohesive whole. It's equally difficult for a director to juggle the egos of several performers who have already been stars in their own films, some of them behemoth blockbuster franchises, and ask them to play along as supporting members of a team.
Information from: AP.
What prompted the decision to send the letters, Walsh said, was evidence that medical marijuana is being diverted to youths. For instance, a report published last year by Denver Health drug-treatment doctor Christian Thurstone found that, of 80 kids admitted for substance-abuse treatment, nearly half said they had received marijuana from someone with a medical-marijuana license.
Among a dozen vegetarian items, we loved the potato-and-cauliflower combo know as aloo gobi ($8.99). Its supporting cast of tomatoes, onions, green chiles, and spices were in perfect balance. Daal tadka ($6.99), yellow lentils with cumin, is another winner.
"Hospital said they won't come out," Hearst radioed to dispatch. "We need to contact AMR first."
Since 2004, 16 clients have filed complaints against Knopf with the Oregon Department of Justice. Among them were people who claimed consigned property went missing or they had to pay to store unsold items or get them back. Shortly after a 69-year-old woman complained of a contract dispute with Knopf, the DOJ opened an investigation May 12, 2009.
When I learned that their private money could be leveraged with matching public dollars to build a bigger project that could serve more people, I began to hope.
Homicide Sgt. David Brown said detectives are interviewing relatives and acquaintances to create a timeline of Lucero's last hours.
The county needs to have suffered at least an estimated $1.2 million in damages to its roads, bridges and other infrastructure to qualify. The state must also collectively suffer at least $6 million in damages from "the same weather event" to be considered for Federal Emergency Management Agency assistance, Robinson said.
An inheritance dispute frames the story. As the debt-saddled Albert Gregor anxiously awaits the results of a legal case that drove his father to suicide, Marty arrives, claiming proof that Gregor should prevail over the Baron Prus.
"The ability to think on your feet and crystallize concepts in a pressure environment is something debate teaches you," Coburn said. "For me, it was a great honing of skills."
If golf prices at Pebble Beach Resorts leave you gasping for air, try a round at Bayonet and Black Horse Golf Courses in Seaside's Monterey Bay. A former military golf course, the par 72 course has been redesigned by Gene Bates and offers Pacific Ocean views with affordable pricing.
Everywhere they looked - San Francisco, Berkeley, Oakland, Albany and El Cerrito - they came up empty. One day, they found themselves in a Bay Area city that neither of them had been in before.
At the time he said those words, Bosh had no idea how different the Knicks might really look.
Closer Brandon League (0-1) started the ninth, but he walked leadoff hitter Carlos Santana and gave up a single to Travis Hafner. Casey Kotchman advanced the runners with a sacrifice bunt and Shelley Duncan drew his 11th walk of the season to load the bases. Hannahan promptly singled to left against his old team to give the Indians a 5-1 record on this nine-game trip.
"The economic downturn is certainly a major factor" in the decline in picture-book sales, the Oct. 7 story noted in its summary paragraph. The reporter, however, immediately abandoned this humdrum explanation for a juicier one: "but many in the industry see an additional reason for the slump. Parents have begun pressing their kindergartners and first graders to leave the picture book behind and move on to more text-heavy chapter books. Publishers cite pressures from parents who are mindful of increasingly rigorous standardized testing in schools."
We slowed down. No need to hurry, now. The men were off in search of bigger game.
Today, the holiday is marked with 15 days of revelry focused on food and family. Families prepare to usher in the New Year by cleaning house, repainting doors and windows, settling debts and buying new clothes to signify a fresh start.
Prices: Lunch: Soups, salads, $4.50-$22; appetizers, $8-$17; entrees, burgers, sandwiches, $12-$17. Dinner: appetizers, $8-$20; salads and soups, $5-$12; pasta, $16-$19; poultry, $25; burgers, $16; seafood, $23-$38; steaks, $36; sides $5.50-$11.
Jessica Kress noticed when Parma changed the traffic pattern on Broadview Road because of construction south of Ridgewood Drive. Unfortunately, others didn’t.
Under the policy bill, passed by the House Friday and the Senate on Saturday, boaters passing the online course would get a trailer decal that would allow them to transport their boat. Though the decal would be mandatory, a violation is punishable only by a warning. It would go into effect July 1, 2015. Those hauling other water-related equipment, such as docks or boat lifts, also would have to pass the course.
"What she described here is she experienced this attraction as an enduring pattern, and after recognizing this pattern in herself, she adopted (the lesbian orientation)," Herek said.
Most Popular Countries Visited
"It's not something that is off the table," he said. "It's too early to say what the motive was. The main thing detectives are doing is talking to his friends and family to determine what was going on in his life that he wound up a homicide victim."
The Angels have been shut out seven times this season, including twice last week, right after they swept the Twins, in games started by Toronto's Brandon Morrow and Henderson Alvarez.
The game ended at 12:17 a.m.
"I"m not a girly girl," she said. "All the makeup is not my favorite thing, but a lot of girls love that. My friends have to help me put it on. It's almost like dress up."
Ford said small cars will represent 55 percent of its sales by 2020. While those cars are less profitable than Ford’s larger trucks and SUVs, the company said it will improve operating margins from 6.1 percent now to 8 to 9 percent by the middle of the decade. Ford is making small cars more profitably than it once could. Instead of developing different cars for different regions of the world, it builds more cars off of fewer underpinnings and sells them globally.
He's her handyman: Does he rush over every time she calls about a clogged sink? Ask to come along, and his response should give you all the evidence you need.
Somerville 11, Hun 4
Staff writers Eric Roper and Kevin Duchschere also contributed to this report.
Durham, N.C. 27717-2027
Crystal Rodriguez has been cremated, and services will be held for her after her husband returns to Roseville.
"... Then the process is to ask them to leave the checkpoint, because they’re not going to get on that plane," he said.
BLT has an Asian calamari salad (the only thing Asian about it is the unseasoned, soggy tempura batter on the squid), Italian pork and veal meatballs (fairly moist, but nothing to write home to Nona about) and a French Dip, (which is American, not French). BLT even inexplicably serves up a full complement of Japanese maki rolls. Whatever the explanation for this anomaly, the coconut-macadamia shrimp roll's buttery nuts, spicy cilantro and sweet shrimp harmonize well.
Learn how to buy HUD and foreclosure properties : A 3-hour class, 9 a.m. --noon Saturday, sponsored by Real Estate Investors Association of Oakland at the Royal Oak Senior Center, 3500 Marais, (north of 13 Mile Road, between Crooks and Main). This is the first class in a series of 10 held on the first Saturday of the month. Each class is $49 (plus $5.40 material fee). E-mail: OREIAClass@AddedValueRealty.com; 248-787-7325.
Stocks overseas also began the new year with a rally. Britain's FTSE 100 rose 2.88 percent, Germany's DAX index jumped 3.39 percent, and France's CAC-40 increased 4.09 percent. Markets in Japan were closed for a holiday.
Young said that he is undergoing treatment in an alcohol program through the league and that his actions did not accurately reflect his character.
Since September, the FSA has carried out a number of symbolic attacks against the regime. And now the “shadow army,” as Syrians call it, seems to be planning more spectacular operations.
Believe it or not, some hotels tack on a fee for their bellhops and concierges -- two optional services that guests usually pay for with tips. At one hotel, motivational speaker Barry Maher was hit with a mandatory fee for bellhop service. "Never mind the fact that I rolled my own roller bag to the room and never even saw a bellman," he says. He also found a fee for housecleaning on his final bill. "Mentioning that I write and speak on customer service got the first fee removed," he recalls. "But I think I just shrugged and shook my head over the housekeeping fee." A lot of other hotel guests, do too. What if you don't pay a fee for cleaning the room? Will they refuse to service your room? Come on.
Green said the transportation study will likely take three or four months to complete.
“I’ve come a long way,” Bembery said. “The first time you seen me, I was out of shape, not good.”
"We would have loved to keep Maison Deutz in the family," says Xavier Barlier, vice president of marketing and communication for Maisons Marques & Domaines USA, which represents both Deutz and Roederer.
“I can’t say the words I’m really thinking,” he told Renshaw.
The well-placed source said Cho was talked off his initial position by McMillan and owner Paul Allen, who were in agreement that a suspension was neither warranted, nor a welcome distraction for a team down 0-2 to the Mavericks.
Senate Democrats remained opposed and the bills passed by votes of 22-15, 23-14 and 24-13.
"James, may you rest in peace. We love you and miss you."
"Friends said, 'I like what you did; can you do that for us?' " Sestak recalled. "One thing led to another. I love learning. I became fascinated by what light does and how it works."
Barnes & Noble stock surged 52% on the Microsoft news to close ...
As of Wednesday, Slocum had seven announced opponents. That's encouraging. Things are getting much too cozy.
Like many parents of young adults, Kathie Burge worried about her two older children after they passed the age when she could keep them on her policy. It was a long time before they had jobs that offered insurance.
Now reports are that, with the presidential campaign heating up, the president plans to announce the end of all combat operations in Afghanistan by 2013, a year ahead of time — a year our troops were supposed to use to consolidate their gains in order to be ready to head home for the 2014 deadline.
Still, Republican leaders are warning activists against making the gay marriage issue more prominent than Obama's stewardship of the economy.
Yes, indeed: book and magazine pages are sharper and creamier. We've all been reading anti-aliased low-resolution text for so long that our brains no longer even point out the cheat. When I read books on the new iPad's screen, my brain says "Hey, cool: printed text. We used to read printed text all the time. Remember?"
"Normally, everyone would be supporting more contact between children and parents, and not restrained contact." The idea, she added, is for the "mother-baby visit to be personal enough that it can support the bonding that is supposed to be happening."
"Only someone who paid for college by selling stock given to him by his CEO father would just casually assume students could go borrow $20,000 from their parents to deal with the economic challenges they face," said Joshua Dorner, a spokesman for the Center for American Progress Action Fund.
Investigators at first described Merah as a "lone wolf" after he told them he had carried out the killings by himself. Police, however, were holding his older brother Abdelkader and were questioning his mother.
Plans to build a long-debated community with as many as 1,746 homes in Valley Center were submitted to county planners this week.
The Timbers folded their NASL franchise in 1982, two years before the NASL itself ceased operations in 1984. However, the legacy of the Timbers' NASL franchise and its connection with the fans set the stage for the city's youth soccer explosion and the now fanatical love affair with the MLS Timbers.
Zimmerman, 28, whose father is white and whose mother is Hispanic, says he shot Trayvon in self-defense.
"Nutriloaf isn't a proprietary food like Hostess Twinkies," Judge Posner wrote, "but like 'meatloaf' or 'beef stew,' a term for a composite food the recipe of which can vary from institution to institution, or even from day to day within an institution...."
Vancouver voters on Tuesday will choose the opponents for what is shaping up to be the most hotly contested mayoral race in recent memory.
As a result, state and federal fisheries managers are concerned about the impact these fish have on the ecosystem and have worked to develop strategies "to mitigate their impact." Though recognizing how abundant the blue catfish have become in Maryland waters, DNR Fisheries Service director Tom O'Connell said, "We don't want to encourage the development and spread of this species. As top predators, they are a serious threat to native species, which provide ecological and economic benefits to the region."
When, where: 5 p.m. Friday, at Mizzou Arena
Neither institution said it plans to scale back.
Hey, it was his question, not mine.
"Rinsing" glasses is a fine way to incorporate a small amount of a liqueur or spirit to a drink by coating the interior of the glass. This is easily achieved by pouring about a half-ounce into the glass, tilting it so that the liquid reaches the rim, then rotating the glass until the entire interior has been coated. Then you simply discard the excess liqueur and strain your cocktail into the glass.
But Bloomingdale cited those instances as outliers in a long career. Santorum served in the U.S. House from 1991 to 1994 before ousting incumbent Democrat Harris Wofford from his U.S. Senate seat.
Busch won the Trucks race on Thursday despite starting from the back. He wound up on the pole for the Cup race after rain washed out qualifying, and he didn't let the advantage go to waste as he moved within one victory of becoming the third driver in NASCAR history to collect 100 wins across the sport's top three series. The 26-year-old has 22 career Cup wins, 48 in the Nationwide Series and 29 in Trucks.
Mindful of the impact that racing can have on the environment, K1 Speed takes active steps to minimize its carbon footprint, not least of which is its use of all-electric, zero-emitting go karts. Susan Graver, co-owner and marketing director for K1 Speed, states "Our company is constantly searching for new and innovative ways to implement a more energy efficient footprint while implementing 'greener' business practices." Incorporating energy efficient lighting and more sustainable business practices helps eliminate waste and reduce costs.
Dorn's comments came as 11 officers were shot during a 24-hour period this week in separate incidents around the country.
If you plan on serving breakfast or brunch, treat Mom to omelettes made to order, homemade granola or a baked french toast you prepare the night before.
4) 2008 -- Trevor Immel- man (left)
Fagin is CEO of a sales company for high-tech businesses that has four employees. He highlighted ways he could help boost job growth in the city. The city should raise more awareness of manufacturing businesses, he said, and ensure that they are considered for project bids.
BERNARDSVILLE — Authorities today remained tight-lipped regarding the deaths of a 45-year-old woman and her 4-year-old daughter, who were found in the bathroom of their Bernardsville home on Thursday night.
The Lady Cecelia was first registered in Oregon in 1991. Eggert said he didn't have details on the debris, or whether the vessel was still intact. He said the Guard does not yet know what happened.
øAlso on Tuesday, several football matches across Norway marked his passing with a moment of silence before the games.
It hasn't actually snowed this summer - yet. But who knows, given the way the weather has been going these past few months, we may actually have a White Christmas - in July.
The story rated a few paragraphs in the newspaper, but the fact is that schemes by investment advisers and other professionals that target elderly clients are proliferating. The reason is, as Willie Sutton put it when asked why he robbed banks, that is where the money is.
"This pilot will help determine whether conversion from homeownership to rental is something our customers, the community and investors will support," said Bank of America's Ron Sturzenegger, who oversees about 1 million troubled loans inherited from aggressive mortgage giant Countrywide Financial Corp., which Bank of America purchased in 2008.
Semifinals: Nov. 19
Teeshon Small, 38, of East Orange, was struck and killed by the garbage truck he was working on at 5:43 a.m. near Nye Avenue and Osborne Terrace in Newark’s South Ward, said Katherine Carter, a spokeswoman for the Essex County Prosecutor’s Office.
7396 Affeldt St., $44,000
The U.S. resolution will ask for Sri Lanka to set a timeframe for implementing the recommendations of its commission, as well as calling for Colombo to allow a truly independent investigation of war crimes.
"They put a really good offer on the table," DeWitt said. "They had a lot to offer. We tip our cap to them. They put their all into it."
The May 2008 collapse "is particularly devastating because it could have been prevented," DA Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said in a statement when the indictment was unveiled in March 2010.
"In his 18 year career ... Lamont Peterson has never failed a drug test and has always complied with the rules beyond this isolated and explainable occurrence," the statement says. "We still stand behind the fact that he did nothing wrong and he was more than ready to go through with the May 19th fight."
The would-be suicide bomber's British citizenship would have made him an attractive terror recruit, because he could travel more freely to western countries.
In recent months, at least two hospitals in the same state, Rajasthan, said they found fungus contamination in bottles of IV fluids made by other manufacturers.
To Baker, Wallace said Za'Zell had attacked him, that in defense he threw her into a glass-topped coffee table, hard enough to shatter it, and she hit her head. He told Za'Zell's mother, Saidell Preston, she had tried to run, that he caught her and dragged her back into the apartment.
For those who don't, the makeup of the roundtable is Exhibit 1, since it does not mirror the makeup of the region. Votes are weighted more heavily to suburban counties, since a small county such as Henry County gets the same two votes as a populous county such as DeKalb or Gwinnett County gets.
Wilmoth is excited by the interprofessional and collaborative possibilities she sees at Georgia State.
Rockwood
Chobanian's 6-4, 6-3 win over Barth on Friday also avenged a loss to Barth the day before in the team portion of the tournament.
*C Matt Pagnozzi
“Tickets cost $10 for adults, $5 for children under 12.
A typical, 30-minute visit is $35 to $55, says Webb. But some appointments take longer. And some pharmacists charge more and include things such as monthly monitoring and an annual flu shot.
San Antonio, Texas
The economy and questions about Corzine's performance are likely to cost him votes this year, said retired Democratic strategist Bob Shrum, a close friend and adviser to the governor. However, Shrum believes voters will hear Corzine's message that, in terrible times, he is doing what he can.
The repair involves installing a steel shim a couple of millimeters thick in the pedal assembly, behind the top of the gas pedal, to eliminate the excess friction between two pieces of the accelerator mechanism. In rare cases, Toyota says, that friction can cause the pedal to become stuck in the depressed position.
Actually, many San Francisco neighborhoods have built their reputations as places of unique, tight-knit cultures. Ours is a city that so identifies by neighborhood that it sometimes resembles Renaissance Italian city-states writ small. While the rest of the country happily paints us with a single broad brush, we excel in fine gradations of distinction. I recall a friend who lived in the Mission, who by then was no longer one of its hard-core bohemians (not a renter, not an artist, not poor and not even a lefty), ranting about "those people" in Noe Valley, an appellation that began a mere three blocks away from his home. Freud coined the term "the narcissism of small differences" to describe the human impulse to reserve our most virulent feelings for those who resemble us the most, but after nearly 20 years in San Francisco, I wonder if we don't have a special monopoly on this trait.
The claims regarding the killing of Smith, 24, were outlined in a Post-Dispatch story Saturday, before the suit was filed by lawyer Albert Watkins. That filing publicly named Stockley.
Meanwhile, the services California provides to all its citizens are in trouble:
WASHINGTON - The Obama administration on Thursday condemned a suicide attack in Syria's capital that killed 55 people and expressed concern that al-Qaida may be increasingly taking advantage of the country's prolonged instability.
Lin said Sunday that he did not want to commit to a timetable for returning, noting that he's still been unable to do some of things he would need to in game situations. Monday marked four weeks since his surgery, and the team originally expected his recovery to be a six-week process.
Weber's wrist shot from the right point just under three minutes later bounced in front of the net and slipped by Howard for the eventual winner.
"When job providers get back to providing jobs, it solves a lot of problems," he said.
MILKING THEIR VICTORY SPEECH
Satterfield fled his Kissimmee home after allegedly shooting his wife 53-year-old Vicki Satterfield and 27-year-old Christian Martinez to death just before 1 a.m. Tuesday, officials said.
People stood in absolute silence, watching. The Palace, built in 1876, in the city's champagne and silver bonanza days, was the symbol of the city. A U.S. flag, raised that morning at dawn, continued to fly, sometimes becoming invisible behind the smoke, which would roll away revealing the flag once more still flying. Then it vanished in one last tongue of flame.
Ford said in a statement that it was "committed to building exciting, safe and affordable vehicles, including a comprehensive approach to reducing repair and insurance costs."
Counties where Obama improved over Kerry
I have no reason to believe that the Luciole's operators fall into that category. But nothing could compel me to wire anyone $3,900, unless maybe they were holding one of my children hostage.
"The men are lurching forward and the women have held their place," Hartnett said. "That's another good thing (for the top U.S. women). They're not chasing a moving target."
Oceanside tavern owner Ken Leighton is campaigning to resurrect Don Diego, the former goodwill ambassador of the San Diego County Fair.
He was handed over to local police, but Piko-chan did not speak until Tuesday evening, when he blurted out the names of the city and district where his owner's home is located, a police spokesman said.
On Wednesday, scores of unemployed protesters blocked the entrance to the Finance Ministry, while the EU and IMF debt monitors were inside the building. The protesters moved backed after briefly scuffling with riot police.
"I mean, I know what I'm hitting," Posey said. "It's on the scoreboard, and I can't really help that. But as far as what everybody else is doing, I'm not real up-to-date."
In a March report titled "Dispelling an Urban Legend," Dean Maki, an economist at Barclays Capital, found that demographics accounted for a majority of the drop in the participation rate since 2002.
"It's dead," said Sen. Floyd Prozanski, the Eugene Democrat who, because he holds the gavel to the Senate Judiciary Committee, gets to decide such things.
1. Take a photo of you wearing your ugly sweater.
Gonzalez could not be reached for comment today.
Frieden received complete submissions from 24 firms. Over the next seven months, the list was narrowed to six finalists. In January 1999, a selection committee chose the Swiss firm of Herzog & de Meuron. A conceptual design for the museum was submitted in June.
“Service came naturally to Derek, even before he became a Marine. That’s just who he was,” said family friend Trish Hatton-Jamison said at the funeral service. “He lived his life loyal to the people he cared about most.”
It was good news, really, when Mary Hollinger put her house in New Jersey up for sale last May, then sold it -- to everyone's surprise -- in just two weeks. Then came the hard part.
In anticipation of the start of the Cubs season, North Side bar owners in particular had been scrambling to find alternative ways to broadcast Thursday's game, with some using antennas to pick up WGN's free signal.
"I think that happens a lot of times," said Michael Buckner of the Michael L. Buckner Law Firm.
The future of Oaksterdam University, a school offering classes in the cannabis industry, appears shaky in the wake of a federal raid two weeks ago.
<U+200B>RINGWOOD
(Asked about this in a phone conversation, a Bravo spokeswoman said: “We only tape what the chefs give us. We put them in a situation and they react. We never make someone into something they're not. We can't create stuff out of thin air. Sometimes when people see themselves on camera, they can be surprised by themselves.”)
Watching, he said, was harder because Hamlin, his teammate with Joe Gibbs Racing in the Sprint Cup Series, closed in and then pulled inside on the last lap,
Istanbul's lure
And from Premier Exhibitions, Inc., the company that brought you "Bodies: The Exhibition," Titanic exhibits are also on display at the Luxor Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, the Natural History Museum in San Diego, The Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn, Mich., on International Drive in Orlando, Fla., at Union Station in Kansas City, Mo., at Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, and opening soon at Atlantic Station in Atlanta.
The four "L's" are always advisable: look at weather advisories; leave a float plan with someone ashore; wear a life preserver; and carry location devices, including a personal locator beacon clipped to your life jacket, flares and a VHF-FM radio. Broadcasting a mayday on the international hailing and distress Channel 16 can bring rapid assistance to your side.
Wine and foosball might seem like an odd match, but they make for a playful pairing experience at this 2-year-old tasting room from winemaker Lance Campbell. Wines are available by the glass ($7), and a flight of six to seven pours, including a pleasant Monterey County Sauvignon Blanc, will set you back $5 (waived with purchase).
Conservation groups: The National Wildlife Federation joins a half-dozen others opposing the plan. Steve Mashuda, an Earthjustice attorney, says it "maintains species at a population level that is so low that any random or not so random event -- poor ocean conditions, a two-year drought, forest fires -- could cause them to wink out."
Lakota Sioux Dance Theatre: The Act One Family Series presents dance and songs in Plains Indian society, 1:30 p.m. Sun. Wharton Center's Cobb Great Hall (MSU), Bogue and Shaw, East Lansing. 517-432-2000. www.whartoncenter.com. $12.
Making his directing debut with "Cabin," Goddard, cinematographer Peter Deming ("Drag Me to Hell") and production designer Martin Whist ("Super 8") have packed the dark shadows and tight spaces of the cabin world with countless nostalgic touches — if you can call weird porcelain dolls, rusted chains and rows of knives nostalgic.
LONG BRANCH — Authorities are trying to determine if four second-grade boys, who were allegedly tied up inside a bathroom at Gregory Elementary School in Long Branch by two maintenance employees last week, were the subject of a prank in poor taste or something more malicious.
WR Brock Hopkins, jr., Washington
If you are particularly concerned, have no one else to watch out for you or a relative and can afford it, consider hiring a patient advocate or private duty nurse to provide backup during key periods of a hospitalization. Some hospitals employ patient advocates to help sort out miscommunications. A registry of private-duty nurses available by the day may be available at your hospital. Private patient advocacy groups exist too. (Be warned: They can be pricey, and not all medical staff welcome involvement of a third party.)
Nyarko, 26, was the seventh pick in the 2008 MLS SuperDraft. Before the draft, there was sentiment for Nyarko as the first overall pick.
The Magic's march continues.
The Summit Street fire to which the firefighters were responding is under control. No one was injured in the fire, Lalor said.
"In a simplified sense, the design of a suicide barrier sounds easy," Mulligan says. "But for an informed decision, there's a lot to be studied and analyzed first."
"If anyone asks, you can find me observing practice or in my office. Coaching is the great passion of my life, and the job to me has always been an opportunity to work with our student-athletes and help them discover what they want. I will continue to make them my passion. I love our players and my fellow coaches, and that's not going to change."
Now, with a slate of new officers and administrative staff, the backlog has shrunk to less than 2,000 cases, Steen said. Officers have another 18,000 new cases waiting from 2011.
"Lambarena," Val Caniparoli's gimmicky fusion of the baroque and the tribal, with Kathi Martuza dancing full out, closed the show.
Yes, Santorum, like Lincoln, spoke at Gettysburg. But it's a safe bet that the world will little note nor long remember Santorum's version.
On Saturday evening, the township served GT Dream Cars with a cease-and-desist order. Neighbors and township officials said it was ignored until township and State Police arrived on Sunday at about 12:30 p.m.
"The memoranda cited by the majority offer only internal guidance within the executive branch and squarely disclaim any suggestion that they might create any rights or benefits enforceable by the judiciary," O'Scannlain wrote.
Every day, Kurihara tells me, he'd walk home from school and the same three Filipino kids would beat him up.
The second time around, Lackland said, the inhibiting factor was the lack of public advertising for the work.
"It's a step in the right direction," said Kitzhaber's spokesman Tim Raphael, although he noted the bill remains in the Ways and Means Committee with no guarantee of a floor vote.
Job creation is the fuel for the nation's economic growth. When more people have jobs, more consumers have money to spend—and consumer spending drives about 70 of the economy.
Somers is responding to the recessionary pressures in other ways as well.
With over 25 years of experience, Joe will remove your virus or fix any troubleshooting, so that your computer will be working as accurate and fast as it did when you first bought it.
The program got a big morale boost earlier this year with the successful return to Earth in June of the Hayabusa probe.
Landy said if McLaughlin is used next week it would be doing play-by-play in a three-man booth. Could that arrangement be a possibility next season, at least on a semi-regular basis?
"Kill the Irishman." It's people who had the kind of grit and staying power that makes Cleveland what it is. It shows the two sides of Clevelanders: both the despair and the hope.
TRENTON — Conservative Republican Scott Garrett, whose congressional district stretches from the northwestern part of the state to the Hudson River, could be out of a job now that he has built up some clout on the powerful Financial Services Committee.
Joe Schulte, the Muny's veteran resident stage manager and longtime drama teacher at St. Louis University High School, will be the first recipient of a new Kevin Kline award - an award for lifetime achievement.
Notes: The OSU defense was a wrecking crew. Starting outside linebackers Cameron Collins and Michael Doctor combined for 16 tackles. Defensive tackle Dominic Glover, who looked unblockable, had two sacks and three tackles for loss. … Riley said Vaz, “looked sharp, especially early. But it dwindled down a little bit when we got into red zone plays. We tried to force too many balls into the end zone. … prior to that, there was a lot of good stuff on third down. Cody made a lot of plays. Same with Mannion, but he also (forced) some throws.’’ … Riley on the offensive line: “I thought the first group today, running the ball, protecting the quarterback, was very good. It got sloppy after that.’’ … Riley on James Rodgers: “Nobody knows. Nobody can predict (when he’ll come back) but it sounds to me like he’s ahead of schedule. … Bishop should be OK, Halahuni should be OK (with or without the surgery). So that’s all we can do (wait and see what happens).’’ … OSU was without backup center Roman Sapolu, who sprained an ankle Wednesday and was on crutches. … freshman running back Terron Ward, slowed in recent practices by a sore knee, will be scoped on Monday. … Riley said he will be at league meetings Monday, then will be on campus to conduct individual player meetings. His staff will be out recruiting.
“He’s a friend of Frank Russo’s and mine. He’s a big contractor,“ Dimora told Allan of Kleem. “He’s a real decent person.“
Sun. 30 @ Lions 12:00 PM WBBM FOX
But Dmitry Medvedev, Russia's one-time tweeter-in-chief, was characteristically modest and a little flat when his term as president came to an end Monday: "Thanks to everyone for their support over the past four years as President of Russia. Our dialogue will continue. There is much work ahead!," he tweeted an hour after Vladimir Putin was inaugurated as his replacement.
Texas was 9-1 versus the Indians last season.
The system has changed names twice in 60 years, from the military acronym CONELRAD to Emergency Broadcast System to EAS in 1997. But it retains much of its Cold War character.
For now, Obama remains popular. His approval rating stands at 53 percent. But a stalling recovery could cause it to slide.
Becca Higgitt, Menlo-Atherton lacrosse: Scored 10 goals in a 19-17 win over Castilleja.
Luxe offers what they call a family meal. The chef prepares a personalized three-course dinner. I've done this three times and never been disappointed.
Details: 10 a.m.-5 p.m. daily; off BeachLine Expressway at Interstate 4 southwest of Orlando; $47.99 adults, $41.99 ages 3-9; 407-351-3600, AquaticaBySeaWorld.com.
In many regions, Minute Clinic has clinical affiliations, providing an added opportunity to partner with primary care providers, Thabault says.
"There is no sale," said Howard Sunkin, senior vice president of the McCourt Group. "Mr. McCourt owns the race and intends to own it for a long time."
Middlebrooks isn't revealing which bars he's hitting.
The school would offer instruction, online, for Newark students who would study from home. As part of the proposal, desktop computers would be provided to students.
Here in Detroit, the proposals for large-scale urban farms are another possible solution. They could put large parts of the city back into productive use for little money and with little impact on the land; farms can easily be reconverted to residential areas once demand picks up.
(05-07) 07:37 PDT WASHINGTON, (AP) --
Chen’s fate remains unresolved. Still-evolving arrangements between Washington and Beijing may result in Chen and his family ultimately leaving China for the United States.
Liu may not be an ingrate. But Brown did disappoint some allies by not selecting a qualified Latino to replace Justice Carlos Moreno.
-- Phil Jensen, Special to The Oregonian
Necker Island: Richard Branson's Caribbean retreat on Necker Island (www.neckerisland.com) went up in flames last summer. But be calm, billionaires. The island, in the British Virgin Islands east of Puerto Rico, is back in business as a getaway spot for the rich and famous. (Kate Winslet was among the guests when the Great House caught fire on Aug. 22; she was said to have helped Branson's 90-year-old mother to safety.) Though no serious injuries were reported, reconstruction will take awhile. To keep guests coming, the island's Bali Houses and Branson's private home, Temple House, have been refurbished. Travelers also can book the resort's 104-foot catamaran, Necker Belle.
"My goal was definitely a nice play by Sopel and [Sergei] Samsonov," Keith said of his first goal of the season. "It was nice for me to give the team a little bit of a lift. It has been a bit of a theme this year: third-period comebacks."
"If you go up to the big pagoda, well, it's a shrine. And this is a shrine—a shrine for politics," she said.
Ray-Scott also has hosted Victorian Christmas teas there in her long dress and bustle.
Babbel sees Saturday's match as a chance for a personal vendetta. With him still in charge, he said, Hertha would not be in such trouble.
The three other main courses include a vegetarian option, and two platters to share: a bone-in rib eye ($75) that has been on the menu since the restaurant opened last May, and a wood-oven roasted whole chicken ($39) served with roasted root vegetables with asparagus and a wild mushroom sauce.
But even with the sharp wit, echoes exist of the terrorist attacks of 9/11, and love in the time of terrorism is not easy in New York City. For some, the fragility of life has made loved ones dearer than ever; for others, it has merely confirmed that they should do what they want today, because they can't be sure they'll be around tomorrow.
Though Partridge didn't visit Dull because he was pressed for time, he didn't rule out another Scottish vacation -- and it could include a stopover at that tiny hamlet now known for its sister community.
A Massachusetts-based building firm gave $25,000 to pro-Romney "super PAC" Restore Our Future, even though its chief executive is a major backer of President Obama.
The Motown theme will continue tonight: One dance team will be knocked out during the one-hour elimination show at 9 p.m. on WXYZ-TV (Channel 7).
On the special report of financial risks associated with owning so many coal-fired power plants, the company states flatly that "such a report would not be in the benefit of our shareholders."
"I just wanted to know everything there was to Hoover," he said. "He'd always been shrouded in so much mystery, from his personal life to his politics to his tactics to his highly controversial means of manipulating people politically. I wanted to know more about him, and this script for the first time answered a lot of questions I had about him and shaped a fundamentally interesting character."
"It was crazy at that time," Fortgang says. "A basic thing in restaurants is position numbers. Every seat in a restaurant has a number so you can give people what they ordered. When I got there, servers would walk up to a table and say, 'Who's got the chicken?'"
Good lessons/ bad lessons: Treating your twilight years as one last adventure is a lot better than sitting around waiting to die.
Today ... plus-10, 6 runs saved
The bankruptcy was filed in St. Louis. Combined, the four stations have debts in excess of $3 million and assets of more than $800,000.
Friday night: Slight chance of showers. Low 42.
"I hope the answer is yes," Iams said.
Kids Do It All
"As for careers being held back … only a really stupid person would do that in such a way that you could see that," said Cook, who has taught at the Air Force Academy and the Army War College. "So if it happens — and, honestly, I suspect it does — it would happen either in the privacy of the mind of the person doing the performance review or perhaps in a small, private discussion among senior officers who make those decisions."
Bills stopped run against Chiefs, last season's No. 1 rushing team. If they can do that against Raiders — a team that lives or dies by the run — they will win.
"We kind of saw this coming in the last game," Hitchcock said after a 1-0 win over Edmonton on Thursday, referencing a 1-0 win over Dallas on Monday. "Our offensive intensity isn't what it should be. We let teams hang around, and we leave the game out there. We're just going to have to figure out a way to bear down a lot more.
Total compensation for Graybar Electric Chief Executive Robert Reynolds rose 58 percent last year, largely because of a $1.3 million increase in the value of his pension.
The 19TH ANNUAL CELEBRATION OF LIGHTS display will take place nightly through Dec. 30 (except Dec. 25) in Fort Zumwalt Park, 1000 Jessup Drive, O'Fallon. Visitors can go through in a vehicle from 6-9 p.m. Sundays and Tuesdays-Thursdays and 6-10 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays. Cost is $9 per car; $15 per van (all sizes); and $1 per person on tour bus and must have a $25 minimum. There will be a Tuesday Night Special, $7 per non-commercial vehicle. Train rides can be reserved for Dec. 19 and 26. No other vehicles will be allowed in the park. The train ride cost is $7 per person for ages
Orders for
The club was among 14 competitors to get an award of accomplishment for completing all events but not finishing in the top 10.
In 2008, at the urging of Schlau, Larry Trent, then-director of the Illinois State Police, made dramatic policy changes in his department. They include limiting the speed at which officers can respond to an emergency call, requiring hands-free cellphones and mandating video recording equipment be activated in a squad car while emergency lights are in use. Mitchell's camera was not on to capture the crash.
“I tried to keep the same idea of simplicity, but changed it up a little bit,” said Kirk.
This is not to suggest that most cyclists are in a perpetual quest for freedom, and a metaphysical understanding of the universe on the order of Robert Pirsig, author of "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance."
It was missing a few lyrics. McCartney asked for help filling in the blanks.
In his 80-minute day-closing set, Jay-Z also performed hits like "99 Problems," "Hard Knock Life (Ghetto Anthem)," "Big Pimpin'" and "Dirt Off Your Shoulder," as well as his recent single "D.O.A. (Death of Auto-Tune)."
CHICAGO <U+0097> Moments after finding her mother's body, the sister of Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Hudson sobs as she pleads for help in a disturbing 911 recording released to the news media Monday.
But Gordon missed just one game. He often would sit on the bench until coach Tim Kennedy decided the Monarchs needed him to win.
Fielding Bible: Wieters, BAL (97 pts)
The law gives the Securities and Exchange Commission 90 days to revise 80-year-old rules that prohibit advertising and other communications by hedge funds and private-equity firms. The new guidelines will establish exactly how funds can solicit customers. "The staff are still in the process of analyzing the bill's provisions," SEC spokesman John Nester said via email.
Ask her what she loves the most about Pitt and she doesn't hesitate. "Brad shows my girls how a woman should be treated by a man," she says.
During his final weeks as chairman of National City Corp., Peter Raskind seemed like a man fighting wild fires: When he got one under control, three more popped up.
Jersey Fresh was relatively accident-free. The worst fall was taken by Shannon Baker with Cordonelli. She went to the hospital but checked out fine, and her horse was able to walk away from the crash at a large oxer near the end of the course.
Q: Peter is there a reason that you couldn't sustain it? I mean you've had a pretty tough schedule lately you won your -
"Basically he cost them 50 grand," Frischmann said. "If he would have been polite and courteous, I would have said 'no problem.'"
Barrett's high school coach, Jim Garfield, said Barrett is one of the best leaders he has seen.
A new website Governor Christie launched earlier this year to make state finances more transparent is now being used to bring more accountability to some of New Jersey’s biggest independent authorities.
In 2003, Ohio had only five medical liability carriers competing in the medical liability insurance market. Today, due to the stability of the marketplace, Ohio now has 15 companies writing medical liability coverage for physicians.
The only downside, said sophomore Brandon Spruill, is the possibility that the Nov. 26 football showdown with the Kansas Jayhawks in Arrowhead Stadium could be the last time the two rivals meet on the field.
Hetty Rosenstein, state director for the Communications Workers of America, said the audit confirms what they have known for years.
And now here it is Super Bowl XLVI in Indianapolis. Stokley paid $25 for his NFL Experience ticket and $20 for his son. Cruz is here on the Giants' bill, preparing to start in the Big Game.
Fergie is 4 months old. She is sweet and loving.
Yzerman knows the other side. In another year, he might have been the one hobbling off. It has happened. Too many times.
Priests from the World Divine Light Center in Irvine attended Saturday evening's event to preside over a traditional Japanese prayer. "The prayer is for the world, all of humanity," said Trabuco Canyon's Nellie Smith, a volunteer with the center.
Prosecutors argued Smith's crime was premeditated, pointing out he sawed off the rifle in Canada and sneaked it across the border with the stated intent to use it in a crime.
“Detention is no holiday,” said Greg Chen, director of advocacy for the American Immigration Lawyers Asnn., who attended the hearing. “I think they should be embarrassed to describe people who are deprived of their liberty as if they were on vacation.”
The boy died with a package of Skittles in his pocket.
Something about their enthusiasm is contagious. My niece, Kayla helped me lace up the $2.00 rented ice skates.
Containment always looks better in theory, or in retrospect, than it works in practice. Our four-decade containment of the Soviet Union included several near misses, including the Berlin crisis and the Cuban missile crisis. And given the Iranian regime's willingness to resort to terror tactics -- even on U.S. soil -- and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's purported remarks about wiping Israel off the map, there are clear downsides to relying on Iranian rationality and trusting that the regime can be deterred.
"I come from the school of Ron Wyden,” said Smith, who was a staffer for Oregon's senior senator for two decades. "I understand how important it is to have accessibility to your leaders.”
Mike Stiff always thought running a monster dirt-digger would be fun.
For example, the governor plans to shave health benefit costs $323 million in the upcoming fiscal year by requiring public employees to pay more. If Democrats don’t go along with the plan, Christie said he won’t be able to boost property tax credits, which are popular with heavily taxed voters.
<U+0095> He's still a bust: 15%
"Zipcar will monitor the activity of these cars, and (the addition of cars) will be deemed by usage," Murray said.
MIAMI - On an old, long-unused MySpace page, Trayvon Martin shooter George Zimmerman made some disparaging comments about Mexicans and also referred triumphantly to his escape from 2005 legal troubles stemming from his confrontation with law enforcement officers.
"We like competition," said Jerry Wilks, executive director of the Oregon Connections Academy based in Scio. "If they offer something similar, parents will have to decide which one to go with."
New amenities for farmers market
In all, 236 retirees received more pension benefits than they were entitled to and will be asked to repay all or part of the overpayment, Metro officials said.
And remember, government employees get pay hikes even if the mayor doesn't sign a contract, under the Triborough Amendment. That odious 1982 law requires that built-in yearly increases continue even after contracts expire.
To Idil Abdull, an autism advocate in Minnesota's Somali community, it feels like a double standard. "If you're going to approve it for one set of children, what about the rest?" she asks.
water, the particular
The island -- with the exception of the area right around the sink, which has a stone surround -- features a wooden countertop nearly identical to the original in the butler's pantry.
John Wanamaker's lavish financing and vision are reasons the building has enduring value. Another is Burnham's imagination: "It's a tribute to him and to all the people who have owned it before us," Gleason said, "that it's still functioning 100 years later."
What could have been a grim show peopled with bitter sad sacks turns out to be very funny -- and surprisingly affecting. Silver fires an arsenal of quips, but he also steers the plot in an unexpectedly hopeful direction. Director Mark Brokaw and the crackerjack cast smoothly hug every twist and turn of the winding emotional road.
“He’s by no means the only leader,” Romney said. “It’s a very diverse group — Hamas, Hezbollah, al Qaeda, Muslim Brotherhood and, of course, different names throughout the world.”
Foremost among the horrors Mladic is charged with is the July 1995 slaughter of up to 8,000 Muslim men and boys in the Bosnian town of Srebrenica, which was supposed to be a safe zone guarded by Dutch peacekeepers.
Another starter who will return next year for the Wildcats is 6-foot sophomore post player Alexis Robinson, who averaged 8.0 points and 8.1 rebounds this season.
Thu-thump, thu-thump, thu-thump.
It recommends products that are biodegradable and solvent-free, have a bio base, such as pine or citrus, and are low in volatile organic compounds.
Ray Scanbura, a manager at Antonio's Pizza Express on Chevrolet Boulevard, said GM workers have pizza delivered to the plant every day.
By next year, if rebuilding is going slowly, they may actually allow ticket-buyers to pinch hit.
“No, he’s never been a friend of labor,” George said.
That's change I can believe in.
Let's imagine the things we assume were happening in those first three or four years. It was then that developmentally critical milestones were taking place, ones about which we remember so little. It's just not possible to remember in detail all the stages we experienced between birth and four the way we can remember the later years.
Supporters have predicted that the bill would move to the floor only if House leaders thought they could win there. Last year the bill passed in the Senate but was pulled in the House when supporters concluded that they were a few votes shy.
Still, bin Laden remained defiant.
"The case is not closed," Crump said.
The state's growth rate has slowed since the early part of last decade, when annual population increases topped 1 percent. Department of Finance assistant chief demographer John Malson said the state is seeing a decline in natural births, as well as a net out-migration to other states.
As for the other seven games, SDSU and the Mountain West conference are still trying to find TV spots.
The graduate students in the occupational therapy program at Maryville University decided to use their group research project to study whether art can make a difference.
Drew has about 2,700 students in three schools, a college of liberal arts, a theological school and a school of graduate studies. It offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in more than 29 disciplines.
The appearance on NBC’s "Meet the Press" came a day after President Barack Obama headlined the first official campaign rallies of his bid for a second term, at college campuses in Ohio and Virginia. Obama contended that Romney was a likely "rubber stamp" for GOP conservatives, and portrayed himself as a champion of a struggling middle class.
He's got music in his veins. He plays a mean violin, and frequently joins bands on the central entertainment stage located next to his booth.
"I wish a million times we could do things differently," Bianchi said. "But there's nothing I can do except tell my story."
La Jolla Country Day 7, Santa Fe Christian 0. Campbell (LJCD) 12 K.
Or for the best of both worlds, bake the croissants as directed below, then warm a bit of Nutella chocolate hazelnut spread (microwave it in 10-second bursts) and drizzle it over them just before serving (or offer it in a small bowl on the side for dunking).
In 1998, the National Transportation Safety Board said cracked plastic pipes of all varieties had been responsible for a dozen major accidents and more than 50 deaths since 1971. Thirty-three of those victims died in a 1996 blast in San Juan, Puerto Rico, in which improperly installed Aldyl-A pipe failed.
#8 Say no to the insurance con. Rental car insurance is a weak spot for most travelers. Even those who’ve been very smart airline-wise and hotel-wise often cave in and buy the over-the-counter insurance that rental car companies aggressively push on customers. A simple rule — check your existing policy and your credit card policies and make sure that you’re covered. If there’s any potential for trouble, get an American Express card (if you don’t already have one) and sign up for their Premium Car Rental Protection service. The cost is $24.95 per rental period — less than it costs to get the daily insurance bundle in many states — and it gives you a heap of coverage it should be mentioned) with no deductibles. Essentially, this is the perfect product for a car insurance-less New Yorker. (Note: Liability not included.)
Clevelanders no doubt do their part to help, especially during Lent, which began this week. Friday fish fries are ingrained in Cleveland culture. In honor of fish-fry season, we've asked readers to share some of their favorite fish stories and compiled listings of fish fries at churches, civic organizations, VFW halls and other nonprofits across Greater Cleveland.
"We owe them a debt of gratitude," U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag said at a Thursday news conference in nearby South San Francisco. "My office is proud to be associated with professionals who put their lives on the line to protect others."
The State Department and U.S. allies have been working with the Syrian opposition to help them better organize themselves, Vasquez said. "That is certainly something we would support."
NEWARK — Newarkers split tickets tonight in the city's school advisory board race giving Deniqua Matias a commanding victory along with her fellow Children First member, incumbent Marques Aquil-Lewis.
Nguyen remembers the first time she saw "Miss Saigon." She had just gotten her driver's license and went to the Starlight Musical Theatre in Balboa Park with a friend. They didn't realize tickets were so expensive.
"It's the jealousy from the women toward her," Krista Keller told E! News at the time. "The women report the photo because it's so easy to do. You just click a button. They think she's too sexy, they all report her together, and it's done."
If you Google Côtes-du-Rhône blanc, you're bound to find a number of articles that describe these whites as being summer wines. While it's true that the grapes used to make these wines from France's Rhône region usually produce floral, fruity wines, some can also have a bit of heft and richness.
Could this really be the start of a new era for the Raiders?
Sitting in his chair in front of his locker following the game, Wallace again answered questions about leaving the game.
I've hiked in cool, coastal England and Scotland; among cave paintings in France; through the rolling hills of Tuscany; in the primordial forests of Olympic National Park; and along creek beds and waterfalls in Yosemite. In all of these places I've been surrounded by every shade of green imaginable and I've loved it.
Manos was charged in federal court with embezzling more than $120,000. Charging documents say he made purchases of several thousand dollars at Costco and Home Depot with the money, as well as gambling trips to Las Vegas and local casinos.
"Closures are nothing new for the area," he says. "There are constantly streets closed (due to construction) in The Pearl."
"There was no reason for it," she said. "It was a simple medical transport. The kid had no weapons, he wasn't even ever charged. Nothing."
‘‘I'm very confident,'' Toews said after practice Monday when asked whether he would play Thursday in Game 1 of the Hawks' playoff
The protesters set up camp in Trenton on Thursday, complete with sleeping bags, signs bemoaning corporate greed and designated areas: "administration," "art," "comfort" and "sanitation." About a dozen slept at the memorial Monday night, and more have shown up each day. The protesters are confident their movement will grow.
The planned acquisition of Hauppauge, N.Y.-based Standard Microsystems Corp., which specializes in components for wireless networking devices, is subject to a vote by Standard Microsystems shareholders and approval by regulators.
"We’re on a good track," Lautenberg said. "... I’m feeling very good. A heck of a lot better than I did when I entered this place."
Gore has not shown for voluntary offseason workouts, but his absence has not raised concerns. Harbaugh stated that Gore has kept in touch and that the seven-year veteran is tending to personal business.
The most evocative early image is David Gill's "The Great Comet of 1882," a famous skinny wedge of light smeared across a speckled sheet. The dramatic comet, especially visible in the Southern Hemisphere, was a night-sky event that captured the imagination over the course of many months. Gill photographed it from Cape Town, South Africa.
There were three standout features:
Meanwhile, Parcells will have some thinking to do also, as he ponders a possible return to coaching.
"Why is dinner always my responsibility?"
The radiation fears added to the catastrophe that has been unfolding in Japan, where at least 10,000 people are believed to have been killed and millions of people have spent four nights with little food, water or heating in near-freezing temperatures as they dealt with the loss of homes and loved ones. Up to 450,000 people are in temporary shelters.
Frawley agreed, ruling that member-by-member budgets are not exempt from disclosure under California's Legislative Open Records Law.
They could use one of those picks to trade back up from No. 22 and grab another elite player.
Bremner, who represents Susan Powell's parents Chuck and Judy Cox, said she herself has never really believed Steve Powell was involved in Susan Powell's disappearance, but is now reassessing her perceptions of the case.
Bruno and hundreds of other commuters navigated their usual course, reading the newspaper like they always do, playing cards to listening to music to pass the time.
Hey, Hoynsie: I'm assuming you at least have a moderate interest in the other pro teams in this town. Given that, where would you rank the Indians' ownership/management in relation to the others? -- Frank Mazzella, Parma
And, if Tuesday night is any indication, the Blazers aren't dead in the water just yet.
Real estate professionals in Ohio are hoping for some improvement in 2011, said Meg Hudson, the new president of the Ohio Realtors group.
Monday's announcement prompted a rise in shares of other coal producers, including Creve Coeur-based Patriot Coal Corp., on the possibility that they'll be swallowed up, too.
The other choice was to fly overnight to London, with a 12-hour layover there and then a 10-hour flight to Lusaka. We chose this option, and my posterior and swollen ankles still haven't forgiven me.
Best seat: Head to the communal bar table facing Masonic Street, or take a seat at one of the window tables.
"I've worked with her, and she's a great person," said Grosch, who spent Friday washing cars to help raise money for Hollingsworth's medical bills.
U13: Millville Galaxy — millvillegalaxy.com.
When Odyssey Sims and Skylar Diggins fire their last shots as professionals, their next dream job is being a basketball analyst for ESPN. While Doris Burke has no reason to get nervous, it's worth noting that Diggins did a little trial run the day before tonight's national championship game at the Pepsi Center against top-ranked and unbeaten Baylor.
Procedure: Line a shallow baking pan with foil, and add olive oil. Wash and dry potatoes, and roll in olive oil to coat. Add garlic cloves, and toss to coat with oil. Sprinkle potatoes and garlic with salt and pepper, rolling to coat all sides. Bake until potatoes are tender, about 35 to 40 minutes. Re- move garlic cloves when brown and soft, about 20 to 25 minutes. Shake pan occasionally while roasting.
It was quite an off-season for Justin Verlander.
Under Christie’s $29.4 billion budget, lawmakers must make state workers pay 30 percent of their health care costs, or he will not advance a proposal to double property tax relief for seniors, the disabled and households making less than $75,000.
Webster has won three of the last four SLIAC regular-season titles and has reached the league tournament finals seven consecutive years.
"Wrong" is the operative word with "Death at a Funeral," which in the first very funny 30 minutes shows its hand and then, unfortunately, continues to wave that hand frantically for the next hour.
Bell said that Stray Dog is leaving without rancor, and might return in the future if things change. "There's no animosity," he said. "We wish them well."
That ministry with its humble beginnings, which faced a myriad of challenges while doling out hope to its congregants, is now causing much anger and disappointment among its vendors. They say the Schullers should pay them first before they take a salary from the church.
It will be up to Assignment Judge Thomas Weisenbeck to determine if there were improprieties in these votes or any others, and if he decides there were, he could ask people how they voted, Zakin said.
3309 Ammon Way; 2,347 square feet; on 3/31/2011 for $235,000
Friday's program attempts to cover Cage's entire output, from groundbreaking pieces from the 1940s, to works as late as 1990. "Postcard from Heaven" is a work of improvisatory ragas for multiple harps (Cage suggests one to 20) that has been described as "a busy metropolis of an afterlife, as if heaven were teeming with angels at some celestial cocktail party."
Discovery, which made its final mission in March 2011, will be flying into the Washington's Dulles International Airport before being transferred to the Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center, part of the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum in Virginia. There it will replace Enterprise in the Smithsonian's display. A formal welcome ceremony is planned for April 19.
is the mother of his child and another his girlfriend.
The home sold in five days.
"He gave me the idea to do it up here,'' Sabol said.
A proposal was introduced last week in the St. Charles County Council to set an August 2012 election on a countywide smoking ban that would apply to all restaurants and bars but would exempt the gaming floors at the Ameristar Casino in St. Charles.
WAINO (shouts): Gussie.
The 1980s "was sort of a golden moment for American," says Michael Useem, director of the Center for Leadership and Change Management at The University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School.
"It’s the kind of thing an opponent in an election might use," Schluter said. He added, however, that "I don’t know if it rises to the point of a major violation."
Hurley pleaded no contest to the charge and expressed remorse at his sentencing. Hurley received probation for six months and was ordered to pay a $500 fine and to complete 50 hours of community service. Because he was not charged with a felony, he remained on the job.
On Page 30 of the budget summary, in the section marked "Making Government More Efficient," Brown proposes to eliminate the Department of Boating and its commission, and then move its money and functions into the State Parks Department. In the proposal, Brown said, "It saves tax dollars by consolidating or eliminating functions."
Pintor, then 20, abandoned the vehicle and tried to flee on foot, but pedestrians chased him down and caught him several blocks later. Police found an open Miller Lite beer car and two full Budweiser cans in Pintor's 1980 Plymouth Colt.
A crime scene near the school parking lot was taped off. A blue tarp and two shovels were visible until late morning, when the tarp and the bodies were removed.
55 Meadowbrook Country Club Estates, $345,000
Brandon Garcia started for the Trojans and threw 79 pitches before being pulled in favor of Nootbaar to start the fifth. Garcia took the loss to drop to 3-4. He allowed seven hits and three runs — just one earned — while issuing one walk with no strikeouts.
The industry was particularly devastated in the years from 2007 to 2009, when shutdowns were running more than double the pace of startups. In 2007, 702 magazines folded and 404 were launched.
Newton is more talented. More dynamic. Simply, he is a better football player. But we all knew that, didn't we?
Give my wife whatever she wants because she's the one who makes it possible for me to be a family man and a travel editor. Make it possible for her to travel with me when we can (with and without the kids).
As a result, the lefty has thrown fewer than 100 pitches in all four of his starts. Last year, he was below 100 five times in 32 starts. His career record when walking two or fewer batters is 25-10, while it's 14-15 with three or four walks and 1-7 with five or more walks.
Andrei Kostitsyn scored his third goal of the playoffs on Sunday.
"To think that someone has to work this hard to give the city millions of dollars is mind-boggling," said Roddy, a sponsor of one of the bills.
The reason movies like that stand out is that they still make Hollywood nervous; as powerful as all these unhappy endings are, studios prefer a conventional kiss-and-fadeout. How many modern romances end in some arbitrary and last-minute race to the airport for a stammered apology; how many stories conclude in an embrace and a mob of extras ludicrously breaking into applause?
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Tuesday that Egypt's Sinai peninsula had become a "kind of Wild West" overrun by militants, terrorists and arms smugglers. Over the weekend, Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman had suggested massing more Israeli troops along the border with Egypt.
Arshon’s case begs for special attention. It always should have. He was born in prison, after all. That ought to be an automatic red flag for child social workers, a guarantee of vigilance by the people charged with protecting children at risk
It was unclear today exactly how much longer New Jersey would be able to pay for its road construction without the new borrowing. A spokesman for the state Treasury Department declined to comment.
Historians believe only about 60 of the Wagner cards still exist, though many are in poor condition. Based on a rating system by Sportscard Guarantee Corp., the quality of the card Goodwin auctioned was better than all but five of the Wagner cards in existence.
It’s time for the Run for the Roses! The first race for the Triple Crown, where everyone seems to become a horse fan. A year ago I was in the infield at the Kentucky Derby and it was the best place for a horse-crazy girl who was just days away from graduating college.
The hope in a lost season was McCoy would do something to sway the voting in his incumbency campaign. And while he impressed early, no TDs, a 46.0 quarterback rating and two interceptions -- one he'll remember and one he may not -- managed to put a damper on the early returns.
2. While stock is reducing, cook bacon in a soup pot or Dutch oven over medium heat until deep brown. Remove the bacon from the pot and let cool. Chop into 1/2-inch pieces and set aside.
Manzo said today he was withholding comment while he and his lawyer determine whether Linares erred by ruling too early. The government's motion arguing against reimbursing Manzo's legal fees was filed April 16, and Manzo said he believed he had more time to reply before Linares ruled.
Never a trace of cockiness or arrogance, or a signal that he wants to ring somebody up just for the sake of satisfying his competitive fire? Something beyond that aw-shucks litany he shovels toward a frustrated media every day? Even nothing private for his teammates?
Rep. Henry Waxman (D-Calif.) said the ordeal was an embarrassment. “They shouldn’t have made that decision in the first place,” he said.
One might wonder about the team's psyche after such a disappointing performance, but these Texans have been anything but fragile this season.
The Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act — signed into law by President Barack Obama in Dec. 2010 — was also discussed. Orris noted that the district will not be required to increase its prices under the law, and that she is optimistic a “privacy protection” measure allowing families to show only the last four digits of Social Security numbers on school meal applications will encourage increased participation.
When producers for "The Real Housewives of New Jersey" descended on tony Franklin Lakes last year, they quickly honed in on local hair salon regulars Dina Manzo, a no-nonsense event planner, Jacqueline Laurita, her big-hearted sister-in-law, and their pal, the flaky, fun-loving Teresa Giudice.
"Crying like a dog," Davis listened as Tyson, who costars in "The Help," told her it was OK to embrace her success. Says Davis, "Cicely told me, 'I know the road.' And what she meant by that was she is a dark-skinned black actress. She has the full lips, the dark skin, that look that doesn't meet any conventional standards of beauty…. She understands the obstacles that were placed in front of me, and she knows that I was able to achieve what I achieved only through hard work. A lot of times people have to give you permission to enjoy your life."
But Marcia Barinaga's success with Baserri, an aged sheep's milk wheel, meant that Barinaga soon had no milk to spare. That's when Doughty realized that, to persist with sheep cheese, she would need her own sheep.
Song, 32, went on an illegal shopping spree after the state approved her application to work at Receivables Management Solutions, a collections firm in West St. Paul. She ordered $1,561 in jewelry, car repairs and food using credit card numbers stolen from people she telephoned about unpaid debts. When police in April led Song away from the call center, it was the fourth time in nine years she was arrested for a financial crime.
Goodwin, 64, has an easygoing way, a 42-year marriage, two daughters and three grandchildren. And he doesn't like talking about himself.
All morning long, on every sports and news show on TV, they've been showing the clip. You know the one. The one that shows Los Angeles Lakers forward Metta World Peace viciously throwing the elbow that floored Oklahoma City Thunder guard James Hardenin the Lakers' 114-10 double overtime win Sunday.
Visiting Winter
Magic Mountain recently shuttered the 1971 Log Jammer water flume to make way for the 2013 coaster. The wooded six-acre parcel in the center of the park includes a sizable man-made lake that may play a role in the new attraction. Full Throttle may also make use of the old monorail tunnel that cuts through the hillside.
The Morris County Prosecutor's Office Major Crime Unit, Morris County Sheriff's Office Criminal Investigations Section, Parsippany Police and the Morris County Medical Examiner are on the scene.
"At the end of the day, there's no hatred," Mayweather Sr. said. "He's my blood, my son and the apple don't fall too far from the tree."
At 3:45 p.m., Mr. Schäuble's deputy, Jörg Asmussen—a civil servant without the authority to sign off on €500 billion—told the other finance ministers Mr. Schäuble wasn't coming back.
He urged policyholders to make temporary repairs, such as covering damaged windows, and keep the receipts.
The great writers among them - Jefferson, Madison, Paine - expressed those hopes with eloquence. But it took Tracy (or more precisely, her songwriters, Marc Shaiman and Scott Wittman) to make those ideals rock. At the end of the show, in a number ostensibly about pop music but truly about the forward march of equality, Tracy assures us that "you can't stop the beat."
Much of the faculty anger was directed at the university’s football team, which saw significant success on the field since 2005 under former coach Greg Schiano, whose annual compensation package totaled $2.5 million.
Biden is in Cleveland to headline a fundraiser for Brown at Progressive Field, home of the Cleveland Indians. Brown faces re-election next year. He raised $1.3 million in the first three months of this year, and his cash on hand after expenses is $2.5 million, according to federal records.
The regulations also allow the department to review "any other factors or qualifications the Department considers relevant to and consistent with ensuring public health and safety."
"If it does get approved, I think absolutely there will be conditions," Jonas said. "Maybe they'll have to sell off a mail order pharmacy."
Before I continue, it might be good to acknowledge some context. Here we are in the 21st century, at a moment when retro hippies—nudist retro hippies—will be cavorting on thousands of multiplex screens across the country. And here I am hailing a film, in Albanian with subtitles, made by an American from California, about a family confined by a feudal code to its rural homestead after an ancient land dispute with another family suddenly explodes into violence and death.
He simply wanted to swap some stories and peacefully reminisce about the good times we had shared.
‘‘We've got to fight,'' Noah said. ‘‘We didn't do a good job of fighting.''
This conventional nugget of wisdom, however, is wrapped in layers of intriguingly edgy artifice. Chris Rousseau's scenic design, from a concept by director Rose Riordan, gives the production an eerily abstract look -- white walls criss-crossed by angular lines and pocked with trapezoidal doorways and file drawers. It's like something we might expect to see in one of Imago Theatre's experimental works, and it immediately conveys a sense of displacement and potential claustrophobia fitting for Charlie's unmoored state of mind. Daniel Ordower's lighting veers from stark to shadowy, and Jen Raynak's subtly tension-building sound design is the sort of wonderously effective work we've come to expect from her.
The study, which averaged graduation rates from 2005, 2006 and 2007, found that at most colleges and universities, no matter how selective, Latino completion rates lagged those of their non-Latino white peers.
However, before Marilyn can find her way to the Great White Way, "Smash" has to open big on NBC.
Shurmur: “The players are reporting. The rookies are getting their physicals, getting checked in and then we will have an orientation meeting tonight. Tomorrow, we will have two meetings and two practices. It will be the same thing on Saturday. We will have one meeting and one practice on Sunday. We will try to get them out of the building on Sunday by noon. This rookie minicamp will obviously incorporate a couple other players that are not rookies but by the way their contracts were structured they are allowed to compete. Assuming everything goes as planned with the physicals here, we will have 37 guys out there.”
Itinerary: I flew via United into Quito and stayed two nights for sightseeing, flew via AeroGal to La Selva for three nights, then returned to Quito for one night. One bonus: Ecuador is in the same time zone as Michigan.
Many windows are protected with iron bars and almost every resident owns a gun.
Rating: PG-13 for sexual content, some crude humor and brief drug use
Revel announced Thursday that it has secured the final $1.15 billion it needs to finish the $2.4 billion casino. It's due to open in summer 2012.
Elsewhere in the tournament, Tomas Tatar, who tied the team lead in scoring this season for the Grand Rapids Griffins with 58 points (24-34) scored a goal in Slovakia's 3-2 loss to Canada.
RAY: And then, after that, if you came back in a month for another new clutch, I'd close the dealership and not tell you where I was relocating to. Good luck, Mark. Make your case calmly , and hope that Kia is feeling customer service-oriented that day.
Eligible customers will be those in about 8,000 households near where the new fiber-optic cables will be routed this year along city street right-of-ways, Carter said.
Hours: 11 a.m.-8 p.m. Wednesday-Thursday; 11 a.m.-10 p.m. Friday-Saturday; 11 a.m.-6 p.m. Sunday.
Details of what led to the shooting were not immediately available.
"These are the kinds of things we like to do for people," Orlando Sr. said. "It's a way of giving back to the community. It's also about people having a really good time."
Even a neighbor down the street from the family who cuts grass to earn money donated $100 to the cause.
Manager Bobby Valentine didn't give a timetable for Ellsbury's return.
"Whenever we have a chance to counter-attack, I feel like that's a really big strength of mine," Purdy said. "I think there was a loose ball, and I was able to play it off to Sal. Sal with his speed, whenever you play it into space, you're always going to have a chance."
Andersson said after the parade floats, marching bands and revelers passed by, there was a "quiet energy" in that moment just after a parade passed and just before another approached. She said that experience served as a metaphor for her life at the time.
Overall, the violent crime category -- murder, rape, robbery and aggravated assault -- decreased by 8 percent compared with the same time period in 2006. Non-violent crimes -- burglary, larceny and motor vehicle theft -- decreased by 6 percent.
About 12 hours after Mikhy was pronounced dead, Bryant was arrested without incident at 10:30 p.m. Friday in the 400 block of South 16th Street, according to Anthony Ambrose, chief of investigators for the Essex County Prosecutor’s Office. Ambrose cited the combined efforts of the prosecutor’s Homicide Task Force, Newark police and the U.S. Marshals Service for the arrest.
Today, Scott said she only flies with her husband, Dan, a former Ozark captain, who at age 86 still flies a C-47 prop plane that he describes as "the same as a DC-3."
Vogelsong filled part of that bill last season but already is a question mark this year. It will be up to the Giants to find supporting starters for their "Big Three." Or find a third member of that group if Timmy leaves.
Team results: Del Oro 382, Granite Bay 385, Neveda Union 388, Rocklin 392, Woodcreek 423, Roseville 478.
The study also concludes that data alone can’t reveal what the homicide rate in a state with the death penalty would be if it didn’t have the punishment -- and vice versa.
State Police are investigating the crash.
Currently $77,000 has been raised for the project. The exact cost hasn't been determined, but any money not used for the memorial would help establish a scholarship fund for the children of fallen workers. (Contributions can be sent to the Fallen Workers Account at Division No. 6 Highway Credit Union, 14392 South Outer Forty Road, Chesterfield, Mo. 63017.)
Bear River track and field athlete Kendal Nielsen signed a letter of intent to compete for Cal Poly.
Choo yelled at Sanchez and pointed his bat at the plate. The two teams came on the field with Hannahan leading the Indians. When the field was cleared, plate umpire and crew chief Gary Darling issued a warning to both teams.
The University of Denver is scheduled to join the WAC in sports other than football and hockey for the 2012-13 season.
6710 Village Square Dr, $23,595
Comment: Hard worker with tremendous upside.
A 19-year-old man who slipped on a rock and fell into the Rogue River while trying to take a picture is presumed drowned.
The parent company Church & Dwight is moving its headquarters from Princeton Borough to Ewing, thanks to $13.5 million in assistance from the state.
"Here we are, almost six years later," said Sciarra, an education policy expert. "Legislators who enacted the law back in 2005, they must have thought by now all three districts would be returned to local control."
Willingham smashed a pitch to right-center. With Royals center fielder Jarrod Dyson playing him toward left, Willingham cruised to a triple.
In Georgia, which produces nearly half of the nation's peanuts, experts think the 1.6 billion pounds estimated for this year's crop is ambitious.
Edison — Alexander 1 0-0 3, Everhart 1 0-0 2, Garnhart 2 2-4 7, Doyne 4 2-5 11, Lowe 2 0-2 4. Totals 10 4-11 33.
Miami, for example, which already has seen prices of all homes drop 54% since 2007, according to Moody's, is expected to lose about 0.1% annually over the next five years. Meanwhile, Napa, Calif., whose prices have also been slashed in half, could see prices rise nearly 10% a year.
He said his speech likely would focus on what golf has allowed him to do, and he wasn't just talking about winning. It's the places he has been, the people he has met. But as he thought back on 20 years, he recognized the very thing that has made him so much fun to watch.
"I met them, and I was really moved by the stories," said the 17-year-old senior at Liberty Christian Academy in Granite City. "I just decided to make Easter baskets for them."
8760, Steve Stamos, Portland, 3:47:19.
Managing high blood pressure: Twice the expected amount of fruit doubles the fiber. For an added boost, concentrate on those rich in potassium, another nutrient which helps regulate blood pressure. Suggestions are bananas, kiwifruit, cantaloupe, mango, papaya and citrus.
If a player who is used to playing a more prominent role can't adjust to an altered role, a player who has demonstrated he can be effective in that smaller role will be favored, reputations be damned. Players such as B.J. Crombeen and Ryan Reaves, low on points and high on assertiveness, were healthy scratches Saturday. That could change.
George Karl, Denver 1 0 2 7
Spiritual reflections: Bon Secours Spiritual Center will offer spiritual enrichment programs at 1525 Marriottsville Road, Marriottsville. Information: http://www.bonsecoursspiritualcenter.org. Registration: 410-442-1320.
Sullivan's office conducted 21 investigations at North-Grand over the last year, discovering 11 school employees and two other district employees who allegedly falsified applications to enroll their children for free or reduced lunches.
The third of 12 children, she was born Feb. 1, 1898, in eastern Georgia and grew up on a farm learning to tend to plants and wanting to heal animals, she later said.
Other Forest Hills parents, particularly those who belong to the school's sizeable Somali community, say the new students have changed their school for the better.
Comedy Central's spoof news program "The Daily Show," starring Jon Stewart, might have spawned Cuyahoga County Republican Party Chairman Rob Frost's quest to run for Congress. No joke.
"We fully anticipate that our public officials will, in fact, make public a proposal that calls for spending millions of dollars in public funds on a public facility. It's the right thing to do," Robbins said in a statement. "The public has a right to know how its tax money could be spent. We don't see how a so-called confidentiality agreement benefits the public, and we certainly cannot imagine how it could trump state laws that protect the public's right to know."
He left in June of that year, without completing his term in office.
Yet Dimora is not indigent. Far from it. His financial fix stems from the fact that prosecutors put a lien on his $438,000 home and froze access to his state pension annuity. Apparently, they want to make sure the man formerly known as Public Official 1 can't spirit away assets that might be used to repay the public for his alleged misdeeds, should he be found guilty. As a consequence of the lien, Dimora was denied a home-equity loan that could have been put toward his defense.
Sen. Jason Crowell, R-Cape Girardeau, cast the lone "no" vote. He said he prefers to return to the bonus system and add a requirement that the board vote on the bonuses rather than making them automatic when certain goals are met.
CPP estimates that only 2 percent of its roughly 65,000 streetlights don't work on any given evening. That equates to 1,300 no-shine lights. As of Friday, less than 1,000 active complaints existed in the CPP tracking system.
There were very few genuine legends — apart from the indestructible, and unstoppably loquacious Douglas — but a lot of younger stars and plenty of brainless “banter” (like Matthew McConaughey and Scarlett Johansson deliberately stepping on each other’s lines as they presented the two sound awards).
According to documents obtained by The Oregonian, police were called to the Rivershore to break up a fight that erupted during an alcohol-fueled wedding reception. Several people were involved in the fight, including Sgt. Sean Merritt of the Coos Bay police.
Instead of going outside for a smoke or to Luigi's restaurant next door for a slice or another beer, music fans stood shoulder to shoulder, transfixed by the way Krystyna Taylor's cello and Kristin Arnold's and Reylynn Goessling's violins punctuated guitarist- singer-songwriter Bryan Valenzuela's emotive vocals.
As I passed back into the U.S, from Tecate, Baja California, the Customs and Immigration officer asked why I had been in Mexico. When I answered that I was checking out the interesting places around the town, he looked at me incredulously and asked, "Really? What is there to do in Tecate?"
The Giants wasted no time giving Bumgarner (4-1) a lead against Clayton Richard (1-3), a day after Anthony Bass retired the first 17 San Francisco batters before pitcher Tim Lincecum broke up the no-hit bid with an infield single with two outs in the sixth.
Acartha Group's chief administrative officer, Dixon Brown, of New York, "was aware of Morriss' misappropriation of investor funds, (and) is also Morriss' close personal friend," the SEC alleges. "In addition to his role at Acartha Group, Brown serves as the president of Morriss Holdings, the company used to funnel investor funds to himself for his personal use. Brown is also trustee of multiple trusts maintained for Morriss' benefit."
Q: Gandara's take was that he was a reformer who was successful but made all sorts of enemies. And these enemies were digging up all sorts of stuff in this giant organization and saying somehow it's all his fault. Is that what's going on?
Do you think they won't regret letting another future Hall of Fame center go? Sure, Howard ultimately might want to leave, but he's also forcing the Magic to do everything in their power to build around him by bringing in a top scoring guard or help in other forms.
After Friday night’s loss in Indiana, McMillan felt the team didn’t play with a sense of urgency, and he said he hopes Cunningham can help the Blazers play with a quicker pace, thereby igniting more energy into the Blazers.
Asked to grade his overall performance in 2011, Christie gave himself a B+, thanks largely to passage of the pension and benefits legislation.
Maybe not sixth.
Physicians continue to perform the exams, patients continue to request them, and many insurers pay for them. The question is why? Should we keep spending money on a health-care intervention without a proven benefit?
"Politics follows society, society doesn't follow politics. The most important element of Prop. 14 is to change the behavior of candidates and ultimately legislators to more align them with societal norms," Peace said. "Politicians are driven to the abnormal, the unusual, the small core of base Republicans and base Democrats that control primaries. The open primary system will force politicians to speak to normal people."
"Even before Steve Jobs' (resignation), Samsung was getting more and more optimistic that they can actually take on Apple in the smartphone arena," said Mark Newman, a former director of strategy at Samsung, where he worked for six years.
The Patriots certainly have the pitching to keep them in ball games. Sophomores Jasmin Harrell and Thomas have nearly identical statistics on the mound and have alternated starts for Harrell this season.
Q. More Cleveland surprises?
Gingrich thrived for a while in January. His candor won him supporters in the seemingly endless string of Republican debates. But he couldn't compete with Romney's juggernaut. By early March, it was clear that Romney would be the Republican nominee, but Gingrich kept plugging away. He won his home state of Georgia on Super Tuesday, March 6, but his effort to maintain any momentum in Illinois and Louisiana in late March failed dismally.
"I feel pretty good," South San Francisco police Chief Mike Massoni said. "We were going to do something the community would be pretty happy with."
"It used to cost companies an arm and leg to close plants in the automotive diaspora because they had to continue to pay those workers," she said. "Without those protections, it became easier to close regional outposts."
Jimenez allowed the one run on seven hits and struck out 10 in seven innings as the Indians moved back to .500 at 64-64.
Businesses cut costs, but they also seek new sources of revenue and maintain good access to credit.
"The most remarkable advances will be in fuel sourcing and technology inside cars," says Alex Nunez, senior automotive editor for ConsumerSearch.com.
Horner bends all the stereotypes of an elite cyclist. He's one of the oldest racers at the front of the pack. A single dad. Owns two trucks. Inhales junk food like a teenager. Lives in Bend instead of cycle-mad Europe.
NEWARK — The FBI’s top officer in New Jersey this morning staunchly defended the abilities and effectiveness of his agency’s counter-terrorism operations in the state, saying he felt the need “to speak out” about it after reading comments in recent news reports that suggested other law enforcement agencies, such as the NYPD, “have to take additional steps” alongside New Jersey’s FBI.
On Monday, Chapman administrators responded to the diocese's increased offer of $57.5 million by coming up with a second option in which their purchase price would remain unchanged, but they would lease back the core buildings for $1 a month for 15 years. Under that plan, there would be no buyback option. Option one would pay $51.5 million for the campus and offer a 15-year leaseback and a five-year buyback option.
In addition to being a reporter, Mr. Granger was an author of 28 books, most of them thrillers and mysteries. Some of his work was optioned by Hollywood, his wife said. "Devereaux," the lead character in his 13-book "November Man'' series, was so well-received that reviewers likened the spy to George Smiley and James Bond.
The Robin Hood Festival, July 18-19, is in its 56th year.
"I still like it, too," she says of the album. "Sometimes they don't hold up over time. I feel the songwriting's there. I can go back and play those songs and still feel connected. That's not always the case. Songs lose meaning over time. Those songs I can still put my heart into."
Without strengthening, a player's core can sustain serious or season-ending injuries in a single swing. Today, we provide a few exercises to limit the chance of injury.
And so I did. With a bit of butter, milk, salt and pepper, I had a delicious vegetable dish with the consistency of mashed potatoes. The next night, I made it again (only this time on purpose). But instead of mashing by hand, I used the food processor to ensure an even smoother, mashed potato-like consistency. Adding a bit of cumin made it even better.
"(Wallace) is an intellectually honest, wise, and independent thinker, a fair-minded jurist, a gifted, thoughtful writer, and a model of integrity and character," Rabner said. "His departure is a loss to the Judiciary."
PHILADELPHIA -- Devils winger David Clarkson was a 30-goal scorer during the regular season, but the points were coming via assists in the playoffs.
"Honestly, and I really mean this sincerely, it's not 'coachspeak,' I hear some of those things but I don't focus on those things," Groce said before Friday night's game. "I'm focused on our team and us playing well.
Norton said the issue is about safety and that money "never factored in" to the decision to add cameras. The goal is to limit speeding and red light running along streets with heavy pedestrian traffic, the mayor said. Norton said the mobile cameras in use since 2006 helped change driving habits near schools, where they're typically stationed.
33 percent -- percentage of U.S. employees that reported having "high" or "overwhelming" levels of financial distress in 2009.
"Over the past 10 years, Afghan women have achieved political maturity and they aren't going to accept this kind of pressure," she said. "There are still some people in government who have Taliban-like ideas, and they are against all kinds of female participation in various areas of public life, but their efforts will be futile."
The next photo taken about two seconds later shows Ginsberg's car in the middle of the intersection, but the same coding now reads 00.0 -- indicating the light is no longer red. It's green. It does not resume counting until the light turns red again..
From July 1, 2006 to Oct. 31, 2006, Pang willfully failed to collect, account for, and pay over to the Internal Revenue Service, approximately $54,852.33 of employment taxes.
"Osama Bin Laden was responsible for killing 343 members of the FDNY on Sept. 11, 2001," the commissioner said in a statement. "Tonight, in firehouses throughout the city, our members are grateful for the news, and thankful to all the brave members of the U.S. military that had a role in this successful operation."
Over the years, the communities have launched a youth exchange program where teenagers from each community meet several times a year to learn about each others' cultures. They host Ramadan breakfasts at Japanese Buddhist temples, buddy up for mosque visits and participate in workshops that help build American identities while remaining faithful to their cultures.
"Hip-hop has its roots in African American culture, but it shares many similarities with Korean traditional music in its rhythm and rhyme," said Joon Ahn, executive vice president of the Music Business Division for CJ Entertainment & Media, the entertainment conglomerate whose television channel Mnet is producing the Wiltern show. "Korean hip-hop musicians mix rhythm particular to Korean traditional music into modern aesthetics to create a culture that is Korean yet universal."
While Kaiser Permanente's Westside Medical Center nears completion -- the building itself is scheduled for completion in summer 2012 -- it will take another year to bring the facility online.
The coffee shop had been Darby's only lifeline to the world, says Mark Falby, his companion of 25 years. "He would say, 'They want people to give up. They want you so downtrodden you can't do anything.'"
Two dead children
Other risk factors include prolonged standing without breaks and support for legs, pregnancy, being overweight - it impairs functions of the veins in the legs - heavy lifting and lifestyle.
County Council Chairman Steve Stenger said that the lower estimate "has only solidified my position that the county needs to do what everyone else is doing in this economy, and that's tighten its belt."
While PACs have sprouted up in New Jersey from Newark to Belvidere, The Star-Ledger review found two of the state’s top Democrats — Assemblyman John Wisniewski, who is chairman of the Democratic State Committee, and state Sen. Bob Smith — both of Middlesex County, have ties to several of the higher-spending organizations.
In a letter accompanying the PPO request, filed Thursday in Wayne County Circuit Court against Bashara, Rachel Gillett says he has contacted her through instant messages and phone calls and has come to her home, despite pleas for him to stop.
Neither candidate can afford to write off veterans, who cast 16 percent of the ballots in the 2004 Presidential election. President Bush captured 55 percent of the veterans' vote that year, according to research conducted by Christopher Parker, a political science professor at the University of Washington.
"The only thing it is possibly for is convincing a person that to be gay is a bad thing, and to tell them that they are bad internally," he said. "To the extent the purpose of this type of 'therapy' is to enhance self-rejection, it is damaging because we know therapy should not be doing that to people."
"You're seeing much more emphasis on whole-meal alternatives, fresh deli and fresh bakery," said Rick Shea, president of Shea Marketing Inc., a Minnesota-based supermarket consultant firm. "From a cost standpoint, it has good value vs. eating out."
Doesn't mean that sterling examples can't ever be changed. They could open up Nicollet Avenue and run it right through the Kmart store. Put some speed bumps in housewares so drivers slow down a little, and a traffic circle in menswear.
Obama's team, too, wasted little time in going after Romney in personal terms.
2008: Emory neurologist James J. Lah develops a memory screening test to detect memory problems.
A novel by Joanna Campbell Slan
The more you know, the more you want to know.
Readers also often tell me they wish The Star would go back to carrying more national and international news in print. One recent emailer was looking for coverage of a large anti-abortion demonstration in Washington, D.C., in the paper. Several stories and photos about the event had run on KansasCity.com, but the print edition featured a story about a coordinated event in Topeka, with a small mention of the D.C. contingent at the end.
On a lighter note, I am back in the fitness game. The resumption began, by pure coincidence, on Day 100, when I walked on the treadmill for 30 minutes.
Jon Corzine is back in the political conversation, but not because he's back in elected office.
Voter opinions tend to shift during a campaign season, becoming more refined as the election draws closer, especially on issues that get a lot of media attention and last-minute campaign pushes, Field Poll officials said.
He also signed a bill designed to improve coordination between law enforcement and community groups when a child disappears.
As in many cases of alleged sexual assault, Garcia said, police are trying to determine if there are other victims and are seeking witnesses.
Orange led early before West G slowly got back into the first game. With the score tied 19-19, the Wolverines finished the game on a 6-1 run to take the lead.
Neil, I know you've been waiting for this question: who will win this year's field hockey championship? I'm a huge fan of the sport, and I was surprised to see Kent Denver get beaten a few weeks ago. Who do you think has the best chances to win this year?
Half of the 41 badge groups listed in Missouri's fundraising registry have given up more than 80 percent of donations to outside firms. Veterans groups had similar showings.
The Central Planning Bureau now predicts the darker economic outlook will raise the deficit to 4.6% of gross domestic product this year and next, requiring more austerity. It is a dynamic familiar to countries in the euro-zone periphery: Deficit cuts hurt growth, shrinking government revenue and requiring more cuts to achieve previously-set budget targets.
Woods is a 4-1 favorite to win the tournament. McIlroy is right behind him at 5-1. After them comes a bunch of other golfers, sources say.
The excerpts were the first snippets released from the 18 diaries, written in Cyrillic script in Mladic's hand over 3,500 pages, that chronicled his activities during the 1992-95 Bosnian war. An estimated 100,000 people died in the conflict.
It is the wreckage of San Francisco's City Hall, destroyed in an earthquake a century ago this spring. It is a remarkable picture, but the photographer was even more remarkable. He was Jack London.
"It's a shining example of a huge company that is still hugely innovative," he says.
ROCK CANYON 15, PRAIRIE VIEW 0
"I'm probably going to have to do a little more work this time just because I've got to get acquainted with a new group of folks and they're going to have to get acquainted with me," he said. "(But) I think I will fit in really well, especially when you get into the southern part of Lewis County and the west and east parts."
Heat the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the garlic and chiles and stir-fry until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the ground peanuts and stir until they release some of their natural oil, about 5 minutes more.
She easily found work as a travel agent and, later, as a marketing specialist when husband Gary's career in law enforcement relocated the family to Arizona.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Police have charged two Kentucky high school students with video voyeurism after they say one of them held a cellphone under a teacher's dress, made a video and posted it online.
FEI makes electron microscopes and other powerful instruments for electronics manufacturers and scientific researchers. Its growth has been fueled in large part by the global high-tech recovery, but the company has enjoyed strong growth in sales to academic researchers and the life sciences industry.
St. Raymond 8, Cardinal Hayes 1: Brian Paulino gave up just two hits and struck out eight in five innings and Anthony Colon threw two perfect relief innings for St. Ray’s (5-2). Jordanis Nunez had three hits and two RBIs and Orlando Collado had two hits and an RBI. Hayes is 2-6.
increased. And the number of recipients of the 76 different welfare programs--paid for by the 53% of folks who actually pay income taxes--should be dramatically increased. Oh, wait, no need for that--Mr Obama is already seeing to it.
The get-togethers can often be uncomfortable, occurring under the watchful eyes of counselors who work for the agency that in many cases separated the children from parents.
Post 83 Jrs. 12, Victorian Kangaroos 1
They talked about going out and buying the cheapest reusable plastic dishware they could get and using that. "But that felt uninspiring, too," he said.
Past criticisms leveled at Komen — that it is too large and dominant in the breast cancer cause, that it is insensitive in asserting its claims to ownership of pink ribbons and the slogan “for the cure,” among other unfortunate traits — only add to the impression that Komen has lost its way.
JEFF GORDON:
My parents (Vera and Nicholas Gecsy) were just wonderful -- both of them highly intelligent but without formal education. My mother was a fabulous homemaker, but she also worked in the same National Malleable (iron and sand casting) foundry as my father. They were core makers -- a very, very, blue-collar job. My father was scientifically oriented; he knew the constellations. My mother had a lovely singing voice. There was always music in our house. Her baking was renowned. I never remember going to sleep without my mother reading to my brother and me.
A: (i) EDUCATION SPENDING AS A PERCENTAGE OF STATE SPENDING
We asked him about how businesses can use market research.
Rookie utility man Ryan Flaherty started just one game in the club's first 16 games and now has started each of the past four, including in right field Saturday night — the first time he had appeared there as a major leaguer.
"Not at all," he said. "This is your job, you have to get this done. You have no classes, all you have is football."
It goes back to 1971, in a parking lot off Route 17, where five Jersey guys with big ambition and bigger voices began dragging garbage cans around at midnight to illustrate some knucklehead’s point about getting around staggered screens. And nothing — not the hour, nor the venue, nor the sleeping neighbors — could stop them from noisily choreographing the basketball debate with their aluminum props.
The government captured him and put him in suspended animation.
Bad analogy: Frank Satullo, owner of OhioTraveler.com, apparently spends a lot of time familiarizing himself with tourist spots, but not a lot of time following the news.
Tomorrow
Stall out: Keep holding it, Interstate 90 travelers.
FINRA says a more reasonable charge is between 1 percent and 5 percent.
The museum houses an impressive collection of Salvador Dalí artwork but is also rich with the surrealist's personal history. In 1919, when the building served as the Municipal Theatre, 14-year-old Dalí had his first art exhibition with Figueres painters Josep Bonaterra Gras and Josep Monturiol Puig. Twenty years later, the theater was destroyed by a fire during the Spanish Civil War. The site remained in ruins until 1970 when construction of the Dalí Theatre-Museum began. Designed by Dalí, the museum opened its doors in 1974.
Southern Illinois' position opened March 2 when Chris Lowery was fired after eight seasons. The Salukis went to the Sweet 16 under Lowery in 2007, but he failed to reach the NCAA Tournament again. Lowery was a former assistant to Weber at Illinois.
The Oregonian: What is your favorite thing about Wilsonville?
Mr. & Mrs. Robert Lokting
The president's day in two college basketball arenas was about playing offense, though, and he led with first lady Michelle Obama both times.
Mr. Obama and/or his advisers, however, must have learned from the last time an American president, George W. Bush, "spiked the football." That was in 2003, when he flew onto the deck of the aircraft carrier Abraham Lincoln in full pilot regalia before that banner proclaiming "Mission Accomplished." When it turned out not to be, the photo-op haunted him long afterward.
Healthier people seemed to be in greater peril from the influence of air pollution, with diabetes risk jumping by 10 percent in physically active people and 12 percent in non-smokers.
(McDonnell reported from Beirut and Richter from Washington. Special correspondent Alexandra Sandels and a Times staff writer in Beirut contributed to this report.)
His comments followed Biden's assertion Sunday that he was "absolutely comfortable with the fact that men marrying men, women marrying women and heterosexual men and women marrying one another are entitled to the same exact rights, all the civil rights, all the civil liberties."
The Portland Timbers were not only playing for sole possession of third place and solidifying their playoff position, but they also were playing for their jobs Wednesday night.
But when the Jaycees folded several years ago, the private donations stopped, and as the recession worsened and corporate sponsorship dried up, the city was faced with a hard choice.
Last year, it was impossible to come up with an on-the-fly count when Ladue eked out a narrow win against Festus in the Class 3 boys race. This year, the same thing happened as Kasten tried to keep track of the finishes of his runners and the other contenders.
"This is going to be a lifetime memory for these kids. It's what prom should be and, a lot of times, what prom isn't. These kids walked away saying, 'Wow, that was more than I imagined.'"
Figures for the single month of March show stable to rising prices in the county and city. But we've had one-month false alarms before, and real estate pros like to see multi-month trends.
Last spring, Legislative Auditor James Nobles found that the cost of treating Minnesota's sex offenders could be drastically reduced by creating alternative, highly supervised programs similar to those adopted in New York, Texas and Wisconsin. Minnesota is one of 20 states with civil commitment programs, and in 2010 had the nation's highest number of committed sex offenders per capita. "Without releases, Minnesota is susceptible to lawsuits challenging the adequacy of the treatment program," Nobles found.
Police believe Sean C. Ray, 35, of Los Angeles rented a Mercedes-Benz convertible to avoid calling attention to himself while driving the streets and scouting cars to burglarize.
Babe Ruth's 136th career home run baseball from 1921 sold for $25,095. A 1923 letter signed by Commissioner Kenesaw Mountain Landis denying reinstatement of "Shoeless Joe" Jackson brought in $53,775.
FIFTH. Three Hundred Yards. Maiden. Purse $6,355. Claiming price $8,000.
“I’ve always found it to be more of a natural for him,” Howie Long said. “And I think that it allows him to get some separation from dad and brother.”
The new money will erase part of the remaining $15 billion shortfall between what the state expects to spend and what it is likely to receive in tax payments over the next 14 months.
“It’s gonna hurt me taking a big pay cut, but it’s really going to hurt the guys who are not going to be getting a paycheck,” he said.
In December a jury convicted Gizas of four counts of conspiracy to commit credit card fraud, credit card fraud and theft by deception, she said.
Landesberg was born in New York on Nov. 23, 1936, according to public records. In the Washington Post profile, he wouldn't disclose his age. "Let's just say I started late," he said. "It hurts you with casting directors.… If you tell them your age — let's say you're middle-aged — and they've never heard of you, they figure you're no good, or else they would've heard of you already. I tell my friends not to tell their ages."
Round out the drink with something sweet. Simple syrup (equal parts water and sugar heated until clear, then cooled) is traditional, but honey is splendid. Agave nectar (similar to honey) and maple syrup also are nice. For quantity, you'll need to experiment, but if you like it sweet, use as much sweetener as alcohol.
Even more folks I saw at Fringe: Sentinel people past and present Ken, Geri, Kelly, Dewayne, Jay, Diane, Beth, Tonya and Scott, as well as Rick Schell, Ron Jackson, Michael Slaymaker, Russell Scott, Cathy Kerns, Dennis Giacino, Fiely Matias, Kenneth and Ann Murrah, Sara Segal, Pam Brandon, Sam Singhaus, John Ryan, Margaret Nolan, Mark Edward Smith, Michael Edwards and Rob "Pepe" Ward.
The new cell tower will replace one off Old Alton Road between Norwood Drive and Oakland Avenue.
In addition to gaining Sara Lee's retail customer list, Smucker will gain about 450 employees at coffee plants throughout North America.
He has no other words for his family yet, he said. He’s still trying to digest everything that has happened. Yes, he left home, bitter and thick-headed, he said. But that's changed. He didn’t know his family thought he may have been dead, and now he wants to make amends.
Contrary to some reports, Ryan said the Jets were not going to instead take West Virginia defensive end Bruce Irvin, who was taken by Seattle at No. 15, if he were still available when it was New York’s turn in the first round last week.
Silas Parks was 25-years-old when prosecutors say he strangled or suffocated his pregnant wife, Sarah, a 28-year-old school teacher, and then set fire to their Moscow home in the summer of 2009. An autopsy found that Sarah Parks was dead when the fire started.
Moser said the "event unfolded rather quickly" with more than 100 protesters traveling north on Valencia Street and causing destruction along the way.
ST. PAUL, Minn. - Now that the Minnesota Vikings will get their new stadium, the worrying can begin over a gambling expansion designed to pay the state's share of the $975 million project.
During a reunion Thursday night at the hospital, 15 of the 16 people involved in the chain gathered to meet one another for the first time. There were hugs and some tears as the couples told stories of gratitude and families thanked one another for the gift that inextricably connected them all.
President Barack Obama had tapped Wall Street money to win election in 2008 and seemed to crave Wall Street's approval until recently. But as he focuses on his re-election, he has pivoted left, challenging Wall Street ethics and calling on the wealthy to pay more taxes.
4 Luis Scola F
Last month, Montclair State filed a lawsuit accusing Oracle of breach of contract, gross negligence, willful misconduct and fraud. The 18,000-student university still doesn’t have its new computer system and fixing Oracle’s mistakes could add another $10 million to $20 million to the job, according to court papers.
ODeals Daily is offering $13 for one adult ticket on the Orange Blossom Cannonball, Central Florida's historic steam train ($26 value). Check this deal out at ODealsDaily.com.
Bob Migra, Special to The Plain Dealer
So here's to hoping our kids know their right from left and remember to Never Eat Soggy Waffles.
Nowadays, outings like these are no longer a ritual, but Solstice is ideal when the mood strikes. On a recent rainy Saturday night, for example, the only thing that sounded good was comfort food and a drink. A steaming bowl of Gorgonzola mac 'n' cheese ($8) -- capped with an unlikely but fitting crust of shredded apples and walnut dust -- and a side of tender Brussels sprouts ($6) hit the spot.
The abstract of a 1997 study by researchers at New York University Medical Center, whose findings appeared in the Journal of the American Medical Association, states that "One consequence of reliance on reputation is that a small group of prominent hospitals in each specialty receives such high scores that they automatically rise to the top of the rankings, regardless of structure or outcome score."
at Washington ... L, 27-17
Scotty wants to get over the previous season, which saw him with very little play time during preseason and ended with him getting bumped to the practice squad where he tore his ACL.
The two legislative leaders, who have often clashed over gambling-related issues, both expressed support for such a study.
A final vote could come as early as Nov. 21 on Chesterfield Outlets, which is targeted to open in 2014 on North Outer 40 Road just east of Boone's Crossing in Chesterfield valley.
Most of the students returned to their dorms by 11 p.m.
A $5,000 reward has been posted for information for information leading to an arrest in the case. Tips can be called in to a special line: 800-800-3855.
4 baby heirloom carrots, peeled
If Vazquez is denied re-entry, the family probably will move to Canada or Europe. Vazquez's engineering degree means he can find a job fairly easily.
But yesterday’s Kodak moment of unity wasn’t just a symbolic farce; it may eventually harm US interests. Arab states use any discussion of eliminating nukes to demand a “nuclear-free Mideast” — a code for disarming Israel (which never signed the NPT, although it’s never admitted having nukes). The whole discussion irritates India and Pakistan, nations we’d rather cultivate.
Windle also issued a 10th-inning walk to Steve Snyder before DeBernardis' double. Windle fell to 3-4 this season.
There's no shortage of stuffed-mushroom recipes, but they are easy to make off the cuff with a few favorite ingredients. Love enchiladas? Add fillings to mushrooms instead of wrapping in tortillas.
Dear K.A.: Hang your leather pants in a cool closet, but do not cover them with a plastic bag, as leather must breathe or it will become dry and brittle. Try to avoid having your pants dry-cleaned as long as possible, and then take them only to a leather specialist. The solvents used in regular dry cleaning will cause the leather to stiffen and lose its luster. For surface soil, smooth leather can be wiped with a damp cloth. For a list of dry cleaners specializing in leather, go to leatherusa.com, the website for Leather Industries of America.
Topics include trivia and anecdotes, references to movies and TV shows, forensics, weaponry, dubious characters and a telling of "the most puzzling unsolved mysteries." Try this quote from director Alfred Hitchcock: "There is no terror in the bang, only in the anticipation of it."
The NHL has scheduled a hearing with Phoenix defenseman Rostislav Klesla on Sunday afternoon regarding his hit on Nashville forward Matt Halischuk in the Coyotes' 1-0 victory on Friday night. Replays showed that Klesla appeared to grab the back of Halischuk's jersey before slamming him into the boards. Nashville coach Barry Trotz called it "a dangerous hit."
The Clinic, University Hospitals and the Sisters of Charity Health System each file annual federal tax reports that detail their community benefit, which they must provide in lieu of not paying property taxes.
Little has changed here in the 75 years since the parkway construction began, permanently linking Virginia's Shenandoah National Park in the north and the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in the south. It took 52 years and hundreds of workers to complete this public works project, which helped Appalachia climb out of the Great Depression.
Awaiting the inevitable -- the eventual collapse of the current system under the weight of national debt, an economy choked by government size and regulatory hyperactivity, and taxpayers who will someday call a halt to the looting of their bank accounts by "public servants" -- remains an option, of course. But it's the most needlessly painful, most chaotic, least responsible option.
The sound has plagued Windsor residents on and off for two years.
A representative from the Federal Communications Commission will be at the Cleveland Heights Public Library on Monday to take questions from consumers about the switch to all-digital television June 12.
øAT&T declined to comment for this story. In an e-mail, Verizon advised to "Use Wi-Fi to help extend the life of your data plan. With so many people having Wi-Fi in their homes and the increasing availability of Wi-Fi in public areas, customers should plan their data use in context of taking advantage of the Wi-Fi capability on 4G LTE tablets."
"It's funny," he says. "This place, in this anonymous city, I'm here so much it's become my community. In a way it keeps me going."
Given the chance, many of them would jump back on the corporate treadmill in a heartbeat. Unlike the classic entrepreneur, these involuntarily self-employed folks are unlikely to reach the point where they hire anyone except themselves.
The revised system presents Bing's results in three columns, or panes.
Price: $59.99
"We started out with a bang and went right past spring to summer. It was one perfect weekend after another," Windemuth said. "With the increased level of activity came the fatalities."
Empathy seems to be non-existent. Imagine if the tables were turned and Iraq did to us what we did to them. What if you lost your family and business from Iraq attacking us and pundits from Iraq sat around a table with their lattes and discussed whether it was worth it?
For centuries, the Irish have been known as storytellers. Here's one told at our table by lunch pal Richard Hellesen, a playwright and teacher who is of Irish descent:
SANTA ANA – Santa Ana officials issued citations against five medical marijuana dispensaries on Friday, including one that had installed an automated dispensary that looks like a vending machine.
Another $11 million, according to the union, is available from the sale of a former school, but the property hasn't sold yet and even if it does, the district would be required by law to use the money for facilities purposes only.
Bethard said True offered him the entire $50,000 reward if he would verify Ronnie Edwards' story. When he refused, Bethard said, True followed through on his threat to help move a stolen-car case against Bethard from state to federal court, where penalties are harsher.
Portillo-Ventura allowed the woman to leave that evening when his stepdaughter came home. Prosecutors said the victim left the house through the front door while he took his stepdaughter to the backyard to show her where he'd put rat poison.
Harman: The research would say that if exposure to something is increased, even subliminally, you'll like it more. ... So, with online matchmaking sites, at first you might see profiles that aren't attractive, but the more you see them, they may not seem so bad. Some sites capitalize on that, where a member can pay more to have their photos featured daily. That frequent exposure will create greater liking.
No, the police don't do racial profiling. We are just three unlucky black men driving in the wrong place at the wrong time 51 times. At least we're alive.
The board reported that the search was progressing well and an appointment was expected in March or April, then the board announced that the search hadn't yielded a viable candidate.
Just two days later and two blocks away from the first homicide, a 54-year-old construction worker was shot by Lee and a co-conspirator after answering the door of his home. Celso Pedra died three weeks later in a Newark hospital.
"No phone numbers were given to me or any (orders) from the organization for me to reach out," he said. "This was something about me reaching out to my fellow Cubans and wishing the best for them. I can't tell them which way to go, but I can give them my advice, especially having come in a similar situation."
The lizards are long and skinny and have similar skin to an alligator. Trae saw one on a hike as he passed some prickly pear cactus.
His namesake restaurant, which opened in Mission Valley in 1996, was the most successful of his business ventures, which also included a clothing line, Say Ow Gear.
The Rebels have an abundance of riches and aren't shy about deploying them. They have 13 seniors, who provide experience and leadership. They have six players drawing Division I soccer interest. Some of which might bypass that interest and play at smaller and more academically focused universities.
Mr. Plaut's participation included planning for new facilities, renovation of existing structures and space planning for a number of buildings.
It's too bad the first game was in Safeco Field on a gloomy, chilly night in the Pacific Northwest when the roof was closed, though. You need the natural fireworks of sunset to make it perfect.
Crowder is getting warier of his many enemies and more cunning in his plans to dispose of them. He talks the whispery talk, and he walks the hands-in-pockets, rooster-in-the-barnyard walk. A scheme to rig the sheriff's election using the sister of the incumbent works beautifully, and when Quarles leaves the sheriff's office, where only minutes earlier he was happily telling the sheriff to move his stuff down the hall, Crowder is waiting with his specialty, some threatening, smoothly delivered locals vs. outsiders populism.
Smith was trapped under the bus. At the hospital, surgeons amputated her leg beneath the knee.
This is your opportunity to ask questions or make suggestions. Don’t wait until the budget is passed and after seeing the impact on your tax bill start yelling. While some expenses are mandated, others are flexible. Those are the ones that you can ask to justify and/or cut. But, after the public hearings and the vote passes the budget, it is too late to complain.
"They might see the advantages of seeing more people around, those could potentially be new customers," Rogers said.
Martin Roppolo, 17, was resting in a downtown San Francisco hospital when the earth cracked open on April 18, 1906. Martin, my grandfather, had undergone a hernia operation the day before. He was sleeping it off, just as my teenage son slept soundly after oral surgery last fall. My son's recovery passed quietly, with DVD rentals filling the time, in earth-shaking contrast to his great-grandfather's interrupted recuperation of a century before.
Tim Schenke, due to graduate in June, was ranked fourth in his class at Manasquan High. A member of the National Honor Society, he had been awarded a $100,000 scholarship to Drexel University, where he planned to study engineering. Two years running, he was the starting sweeper on the varsity soccer team.
its first appearance in the Class 4 state title match with a 25-21 victory against Lee's Summit West in the first game of the third round of pool play Friday at the Show-Me Center.
Dr. Toy, aka Stevanne Auerbach, credits the brand's staying power to its nonstop innovation and never-ending play choices.
Denver locked in on Osweiler, who Fox said was the top player on their draft board when their turn at No. 57 arrived. But Wolfe and Hillman had little contact with the Broncos in recent months and expressed surprise when Denver called.
"We encourage making health assessments if they are based on good data," said David Ludlum, executive director of the West Slope Colorado Oil and Gas Association, a trade group. "This study is a step in that direction."
"It’s unfortunate that there aren’t a variety of roles, and a lot of our members express that conflict," says Rebecca Yee, the Screen Actors Guild’s National Director of Diversity and Affirmative Action. "They don’t want to have to play to a stereotype. But they feel they should be able to play anything. And, you know, a paycheck is a paycheck."
His heart was in the right place and he wanted to help the poor. In some places, this is a virtue. Take from the rich and give to the poor. This "virtue" goes back more than 2,000 years. Think about it.
"Revenge" Just as Emily is getting close to her goal, a "big, explosive event" sets everything in flux again.
The luxury liner in the air had a new nickname.
Wolf said he could not identify the shooter because the criminal case against Brown has not been presented to a grand jury.
Remember, though, you're not getting a break here for what you owe. You'd still owe interest on any amount not paid by the deadline, plus you may owe penalties.
But the detective who conducted the review says he is upset that he wasn’t told up front why Giusto wanted to learn more about Robert Kim. “I felt like I was put in a difficult spot,” said Todd Shanks, also president of the law enforcement deputies union.
When Smith resigned his Senate seat after the conviction, El-Amin initially put his name forward as possible replacement, though he later dropped out of contention without explanation.
Sylvia Beeman, a spokeswoman for the anti-NBAF group Biosecurity in the Heartland, called the president's proposal "incredible," adding that she and other critics always have been skeptical of supporters' promises that the new lab would be safe.
Despite these challenges, there are opportunities in the area of build-to-suit projects for single tenants, particularly within the industrial, office and health care sectors. National credit tenants - those with strong balance sheets and solid credit ratings of B+ or better - are expanding and looking for properties throughout the country.
Hicham and Fazo would smuggle the homemade treat back from Morocco -- frozen and wrapped in their suitcases -- but now I can indulge by going to Tajine, a new five-table restaurant in the Tenderloin.
Rozier also said, "If I was to stay home, Cleveland State."
Q: Please help me find a recipe for oatmeal cake. I had a neighbor some 40 years ago that shared a lot of recipes with me, and I made the oatmeal cake often. It was sort of a joke with my family because "first you cook the oatmeal" with a stick of butter or margarine, then add to the cake batter. After baking it goes under the broiler for a few minutes to brown the topping of coconut, milk or Milnot, brown sugar and pecans. It is a heavy cake, very moist and so delicious.
Remove skin, if desired. Transfer the fish to a warmed platter. Garnish with lemon wedges.
For the first time this series, the roof at Miller Park will be closed. Although it is sunny and mid-50s now, the forecast for tonight is for temperatures to drop to the low-40s.
"I think that nothing can get a group engaged like the sort of vitriol expressed at such a high level in such a major party," agreed Maya Rupert, federal policy director of the San Francisco-based National Center for Lesbian Rights, of Santorum's widely quoted and often sharply criticized positions.
NEW YORK -- The stock market managed a slender gain Thursday after traders shook off a pair of disappointing economic reports.
He left in June of that year, without completing his term in office.
FactCheck.org, PolitiFact and others review political statements and ads to assess their accuracy and point out flagrantly ridiculous claims. But FlackCheck aims to deal with other parts of political communication, particularly the subtle imagery in campaign ads that can leave lasting impressions. Look for FlackCheck, which already has about 40 videos up, to get attention when it officially launches in January -- partly because of its mission, but mostly because of its use of humor and video, boosting its odds of going viral.
Kelly spokesman John Ellinwood said Kelly's position has not changed.
On time, on budget
Specifically, if San Diego selects an outside pass rusher in the first round, which players, based purely on how they've performed on the field in college, does he see making a successful transition to outside linebacker in its 3-4 defense.
Phyllis Morgan wasn’t surprised to hear her son died trying to stop a robbery. She said that was the Michael Morgan everyone had come to know.
"This demand impacted our Target.com site and affected the shipment and delivery of select guest orders," O'Murray said in a statement. "Providing an exceptional experience is incredibly important to Target, and we have a team dedicated to addressing those guests who have been affected."
And the nicks and dings are a whole lot cheaper to fix than newer cars, too.
The former speaker briefly led in the Iowa and national polls before the caucuses, before his surge was blunted by a series of ads aired by a so-called super PAC that is operated by former Romney aides and allies.
GLOUCESTER TWP. — Music majors will perform “Maxwell’s Silver Hammer,” “Here Comes The Sun,” “Something” and all the other hits of the classic Beatles album “Abbey Road” when they perform their semester-ending rock ensemble concert at Camden County College tonight.
Roberta & Terrence Miller
Great Clips is a franchise operation. I took a Great Clips promotional brochure before I left the salon. I read that these shops are a recession-resistant business with built-in demand. Try telling that to my 13-year-old grandson, Jim, who thinks haircuts are an annoyance.
Lananna directs a combined men's and women's program at Oregon. UCLA has separate head coaches, with Mike Maynard running the men's program and 2008 U.S. Women's Olympic coach Jeanette Bolden in her 16th season in charge of the Bruin women.
Prosecutors said Rose hurt the child in January 2011. It's not clear how old the boy was at the time - Wilmington police wouldn't say Tuesday - but court records show he was younger than 13.
No longer could Assistant AGs Theresa Edwards and June Clarkson investigate Lending Processing Services — the company at which Bondi's former special counsel, Joe Jacquot, was now a senior vice president.
Kansas State coach Frank Martin says forward Jordan Henriquez has been reinstated and is available for tonight's game at Texas Tech. Henriquez had been suspended indefinitely last week for conduct detrimental to the team.
Founded: 2006, through a merger of Mayfield Country Club in South Euclid and Sand Ridge Golf Club in Chardon.
If it's done right locally, education will improve. If it's not done right locally, taxpayers should at least get to pay less for an inferior product.
Plank had no estimate on either the cost of planned expansion or a timeline.
Roubini said with no deal for Lehman, Merrill and the other investment firms would have been hit with a "run on the bank," as hedge funds and other clients withdraw funds and banks become reluctant to lend to them. Many of the investment banks rely on short-term loans to finance their day-to-day operations.
The drug's prevalence is no surprise to national and local officials, who report increases in both its supply and demand in Los Angeles County. In 2005, 4.5 of every 10,000 people entering treatment for substance abuse in Los Angeles County said Ecstasy was their primary drug of choice. By 2009, it was 33.6 — more than seven times as many.
Obama cannot get everything he wants with a stroke of the pen. Only Congress can appropriate funds, after all. But he can set policy, create precedents and shape public opinion <U+0096> none necessarily for the better.
Holliday has spent almost the entirety of his 2½ seasons with the Cardinals serving as enforcer behind three-time National League MVP Albert Pujols, who rarely budged from the No. 3 spot following his 2001 rookie season. Former manager Tony La Russa was wedded to the idea of assuring his best hitter, Pujols, a first-inning plate appearance. Since Pujols elected to take free agency to the Los Angeles Angels, the Cardinals' new manager believes the same distinction should fall to his four-time Silver Slugger in left field.
Q: Hey, Hoynsie: Do the midges torment the fans in the stands as much as they do the players, especially the pitchers, at Progressive Field? -- Scott Blake, Mountain View, Calif.
Once popular as a kid's instrument, a "melodica with footpump" is a small keyboard that's actually a wind instrument. Bettison said some of the keys will be taped, making it sound like "a broken accordion." Two violinists, one on each side of the stage, will push their foot down on the pump when they play a down bow.
There is more to training for a marathon than running a few laps around the track. Finishing 26.2 miles, or even getting to the starting line, takes attention to some details about eating and hydrating, miles covered, and aches and pains. Dr. John Senatore, avid runner and chief of podiatry in Union Memorial Hospital's sports medicine department, talks about what to do — and what not to do — as next week's Baltimore Running Festival approaches.
The infant who seemed unable to recognize his parents, staring right through them before his brain surgery, followed Kathleen and David with his eyes. His healthy right hemisphere made the connection.
"She's the best prospect to come out of Colorado," Ellis said.
GYEONGJU, South Korea — The U.S. pressed emerging nations to set targets to reduce their vast trade surpluses with the West, a plan that could see their currencies rise, as a global finance summit fumbled for ways to reduce tensions that threaten to escalate into a trade war.
BUDDY: Thanks, Mom, for getting jam.
Hand water when possible.
Asked about the swirling water just offshore, Alexander said, "The plant's ocean water discharge system was working normally today. Ocean water is used to condense steam back to water after it drives the turbines and electricity generators. Ocean water is not used on the reactor side of the plant."
In her campaign, Falk has started to attack Barrett more vigorously, stressing that she is the "only one" who took on Walker from the outset last year.
RB: Joey Bonavitacola, Howard senior
Elvis impersonator at a Chinese restaurant
Bun allegedly ran from the car, disappearing into a nearby tree line as Daly’s fellow deputies fired at the fleeing teen.
Ruth Reese, who lives nearby, said she saw a large group of dolphins jumping and splashing in the water off the 85th Street beach on Monday. That's where the dying dolphin washed up Tuesday morning.
"I love cooking myself when we go to Kauai. Shopping at Waipa Market is a blast and my favorite vendor, Black Dog Farms Kauai, sells spice blends online now so I don't have to go through withdrawals." — aCaliforniaGal
It's Red Ribbon Week at Foothill. Students have been hearing from various speakers about the effects of alcohol and drugs. One speaker talked about the loss of her son from a motorcycle accident while he was under the influence. This demonstrates to students the full consequences of drinking and driving – a dangerous combination. Wednesday and today were set as BYOB (bring your own banana) days, during which students received free ice cream sundaes in exchange for bringing in a banana. In addition to the many events going on during the week, students have also received the popular "Drug use is life abuse" wristbands.
Region: Midwest. Seed: No. 1.
Jim Carbary writes for the Howard County Striders.
Eureka Urgent Care is not affiliated with any hospital systems but will refer patients to any hospital in the area, if follow-up is needed. It accepts most insurance plans and has a cash discount program for uninsured patients.
A seafood soup
this year handed over the reins of its Yoo-hoo chocolate-drink marketing campaign to two M.B.A.s from the University of Texas at Austin's McCombs School of Business. The students—working for no pay in the spring and fall, though one will be a salaried intern this summer—are taking over the brand completely to create Yoo-hoo's first major marketing push in more than four years. The 90-year-old beverage, considered a "midsize" brand at Dr Pepper Snapple, had 2011 sales of more than $100 million, the company says, citing Nielsen data.
Gardner's answer: "Do you want to be?"
Education: Master's degree in management from Indiana Wesleyan University
In formalizing the vote, commissioner Rod Halvorson proposed a charter amendment to go on the ballot that would have prohibited the county from using any revenues to help build a professional baseball or football stadium. "I think it's clear from the testimony that people would like to exercise their right to vote," he said during the debate.
The caretaker didn't use a transfer belt in any of the three cases, even though Martens' care plan called for it, the report said.
Opens 7:30 p.m. Friday, continues Tuesdays-Sundays through March 21. Ellen Bye Studio, Gerding Theatre at the Armory, 128 N.W. 11th Ave.; $15-$45; 503-445-3700, www.pcs.org
Similarly, these rides tend to have longer lines that move quickly: Dumbo, Tea Cups, Winnie the Pooh and the carousel. Use your judgment, but don't be discouraged by bigger crowds at these smaller rides.
Chaganti has been involved with clinical drug trials and group homes. State and federal authorities have cited problems with some of those as well.
Michael Bates had influences along the trail to all-state seasons, an Olympic medal and NFL Pro Bowls.
From a company called Diesel, you can get leather cuffs studded with metal. "It's leather; it's hardware; it's a military aesthetic," the firm's marketing director told Clifford.
"And my surprise was that they stayed in the race," Hunter said. "I was shocked. I really viewed it as reckless."
Yet for such a young restaurant, Perbacco seems fully realized. While some may argue the city doesn't need is another Italian restaurant, Terje and Gibin prove there's always room for a place that does it right.
One Chinese microblogger on Thursday questioned why North Korea was intent on launching a rocket when it was so poor. "I feel like hitting Kim Jong Un with a shoe," the blogger said.
Others in the party had a different idea, and they encouraged Ms. Ambrose, who has held a variety of party positions, including national Young Republicans chairwoman, to run. She crossed the state to meet with central committees and to attend Lincoln Day dinners and campaigned heavily on social media. Her pitch was that she intended to be more than the state's representative to the Republican National Committee and to use the post to help with fundraising, grassroots organizing and communications. In particular, her backers say her extensive connections in Washington could help bring party resources into a state that is not generally seen as a high priority for the GOP.
online learning
øBut buyers in that neighborhood would do well to knock on JX 35's door and ask to come in.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Gunfire shattered the window of the BMW near the University of Southern California campus just after midnight, striking two Chinese graduate students inside.
Pointing to its mortarless walls, he explains that from the time Portuguese explorers first laid eyes on Great Zimbabwe until relatively recently, many outside of his country clung to the inherently racist belief that this monumental city of stone could not possibly have been constructed by black Africans.
He owned a gas station, farmed in Iowa and ran a dairy freeze business in California before buying a small bank in South Dakota. He went on to own interests in 14 banks in Montana during 43 years in the industry and retired in the 1970s.
STOCKHOLM - Singer-songwriter Paul Simon and cellist Yo-Yo Ma have won the 2012 Polar Music Prize, Sweden's most prestigious award for musicians.
Performing will be Slipknot, Slayer, Anthrax, the Devil Wears Prada, Asking Alexandria, As I Lay Dying, White Chapel and High on Fire.
EXHIBIT: “OFFERING OF THE ANGELS: TREASURES FROM THE UFFIZI,” James A. Michener Art Museum, 138 South Pine St., Doylestown, Pa. A selection of forty-four paintings and tapestries from the famed Uffizi Gallery in Florence, Italy, by such Renaissance and Baroque masters as Sandro Botticelli, Il Parmigianino, Lorenzo Monaco, Il Guercino and Cristofano Allori will be displayed through Aug. 11. The exhibition examines classical art as an expression of spirituality. The path to redemption is illustrated, from the Old Testament to the New Testament, from the creation of Adam and the Original Sin to the passion and death of Christ, as a prelude to resurrection. The exhibition will be supplemented with seven Italian Renaissance paintings from the John G. Johnson Collection of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. View Tuesday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; Saturday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; and Sunday, noon to 5 p.m. Admission is $15 for adults, $13 for seniors, $11 for college students with valid ID and $7.50 for children 6 to 18. Members and children under 6 are free. www.michenerartmuseum.org. 215-340-9800.
gross domestic product, or GDP, will grow at a rate of 2.4 percent. That's a slight improvement from 2011, when economists believe the economy grew 1.6 percent. Final economic growth numbers for 2011 are due out Wednesday.
began falling by Day 7, and the yellow rose began browning sooner than the ones in other vases.
I came across a troubling example of that this week while browsing The Globe and Mail website. The piece chronicled how prescriptions for Ritalin and other stimulant drugs for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in Canadian children younger than 17 had skyrocketed more than 43 percent since 2005.
801 Indiana Street #359, $784,000, 03-30-12, 1,268 SF, 2 BR
According to CBS News, Brimager returned to California, got engaged and has married another woman.
"As judicial representative of our client we can say that after reading and analyzing everything there is until now in his case file, there is no concrete or direct indication that our client might be involved in any illicit act concerning his friend," Lopez said.
The boy, who was identified after police activated a missing-child phone tree and sent out his photograph Friday night, remained in foster care.
"LeBron indicated he will need to talk to his 'team' before he makes a decision on his future. Will you be included in these discussions and, if so, what advice will you give The King?" -- Doug
'According to West, the souring of his relationship with Obama came to a peak following a speech the president gave in July 2010 at the National Urban League's centennial conference. West said Obama made a beeline to him after the speech and "cussed" him out, saying that West ought to be ashamed for saying Obama is not a progressive. White House aides did not deny that the scolding occurred.
Personal values and, in some cases, compromises, help build or tear down that comfort level, analysts say.
Firefighters were on site until 4:40 Friday morning. The fire was contained about 10 p.m. but hot spots were found between the bales. Southfield DPW workers brought a backhoe and front-end loader to separate the bales, allowing firefighters to soak them.
Dad had a little different take on what happened:
But New Jersey blew the game open with four consecutive goals in the third. In doing so, the Devils took home-ice advantage , and confidence , back to New Jersey.
After Cowell overturned the board’s decision to save the jobs, board members vowed to fight to keep the workers if the aid money came through.
It got old.
We hopped up on the candy-apple-red stools that overlook the cramped kitchen and watched as the chef clinked and clanked around his huge blazing-hot wok to build our bowls full of hot, spicy, sour soup swimming with perfectly cooked clams, squid, shrimp and springy snow-white rice noodles.
It meant I was always the last person in line. It stunk.
Consumers began shopping earlier in the day on Thursday compared with a year earlier. And the average order was $182.74, up from $159.81 on last year's Thanksgiving Day.
But all of Ameren's 1.2 million customers will benefit from a reduction in energy use, Wood said.
Join Free Press special writer Nick Meyer for live blogs of the first two nights of the NFL draft Thursday and Friday at freep.com/sports.
In 2008, Melissa Smith started looking for a home to buy. Like Mendez, she was a single mother with nowhere to go when she entered the program. At that time, homebuying seemed impossible to her.
When ready to serve, pour just enough olive oil into a skillet to lightly coat the bottom; set over high heat. When hot, add the round carrots and cook, stirring, until just brown and slightly tender. Season with salt ; set aside.
It also will distribute the scholarships to students equally, rather than basing the scholarship amount on grade point average, and if passed, the program will be paid entirely by the state, rather than being split evenly between the state and the institution.
Not many Broadway prognosticators give much of a chance to “Nice Work If You Can Get,” the “new” musical comedy by those upstart Gershwin brothers starring a super-blasé Matthew Broderick, or “Leap of Faith,” a retooled version of the show that had its premiere at the Ahmanson Theatre in 2010 with Brooke Shields. Given the New York reviews, Shields was probably relieved she was chucked overboard and could no longer be branded as the weak link.
As part of a news release today that identified the 28-year-old man, Marion County Sheriff John Layton issued this statement:
Wukitsch said she is leaving to pursue as-yet-undetermined opportunities.
"We are pretty competitive," says Beth. "We will get into the stupidest arguments about nothing, like at a kickball game. But we always make up immediately because we both realize it was just funny. We end up laughing about it."
Friday, June 29 (8 p.m., Mixon Hall) — “Big Bang”: Currier’s “Verge”; Bartok’s Sonata for Two Pianos and Percussion; Brahms’ Quartet No. 1 in G minor for Piano and Strings, Op. 25.
“I’m putting everything on hold for now,’’ he said. “I just want to see what happens in the draft because it would be an amazing opportunity. It’s something I’ve always wanted to do.’’
The moment called for an all-American figure whose public image was unimpeachable. It called for a singer whose poise could not be ruffled — one with a sense of occasion commensurate with events on a global scale.
"I'm at the very beginning of a long research chain, working on mice in the lab, trying to target immunosuppression specific to this individual disease," DiPaolo said.
"It was great to have a South African winning it on Mandela Day," said Dennis Bruyns, the chief executive of the Southern Africa PGA. "And there was a great sense of satisfaction in having a South African caddie with him, too."
However, Obama's China policy faces tough scrutiny from Republicans in an election year. He was criticized for U.S. actions in a scandal that is already rocking China's political establishment. A Chinese police official entered a U.S. Consulate in February seeking protection because of his accusations against his boss, Politburo member Bo Xilai, who was later sacked. The official, Wang Lijun, left the consulate and was reportedly taken into custody.
Siudzinski said she now runs into borrowers who ask First Tech to keep the loan in its portfolio.
He said the 11 Secret Service agents and 10 military personnel under investigation were telling different stories about who the women were. Sullivan has dispatched more investigators to Colombia to interview the women, said Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee.
At dawn I watch the dark sky and ridges slowly light up from predawn violet to blue, changing the nearby ridges from dark brown to gold and cream. Across the valley the sun continues upward until it reaches far enough to bathe the Panamints in a warm rosy glow.
But, safe to say, the research adds to a growing consensus that the benefits of gastric bypass surgery need to be further explored.
Sliders can make an entree, if accompanied by a big salad. Of course, you could serve them as a first course or appetizer. Also, the meat could be shaped into four patties and grilled for 3 to 4 minutes on each side and served on full-size hamburger buns. Top each full-size patty with about 4 teaspoons sauce.
ealasaid.com.
The prosecution didn't paint a clear enough picture of what happened to Caylee, Ford said.
Hunter said, "I was going to run through a wall for that one. I was playing shallow and just got back on my horse and all I was thinking was, 'Get it. Get it. Get it.'"
The diverse slate of 14 feature films also includes documentaries about the openly gay Episcopal bishop of New Hampshire, a Memphis teen who fought back against his parents' attempt to straighten him out and "Celluloid Closet" historian Vito Russo; dramas set in 19th Sicily and contemporary Belgium; the showbiz comedy ""Going Down in La-La Land"; and the sci-fi love story "Codependent Lesbian Alien Seeks Same."
But changes are coming.
He said wilderness fires that spread to threaten homes can be attacked in a strategic manner, with "point protection" at key areas rather than trying to contain them with wide perimeter assaults. "Instead we have taxpayers paying the bill and parents are paying the price for fighting fires far away from these communities," he said.
Place bowls of munchies in all corners of the room. There’s nothing worse than someone standing up to reach for the chips in the middle of an important play and blocking the view of everyone on the couch.
Darryl Jenkins, an airline industry consultant, predicted that any increase in airport lines would be temporary, until security screeners become proficient at operating under new rules.
Crosby provides a behind-the-scenes look at what lies ahead for the wave of corrupt officials and contractors who have pleaded guilty and are awaiting sentencing in U.S. District Court in Cleveland and Akron.
The non-reply indicated Fickell's unwillingness to deal with a prima donna who, despite his big victories, was a bigger problem.
Their dreams of making millions faded, and the brothers are content to work in an industry they believe is sustainable, provides good jobs and supports other American manufacturers.
"This is the only poetry slam in the world that does it right," Smith tells a crowd of about 80 people.
Tomas Espinosa, the attorney for Rauf, has told the court that all the necessary repairs have been carried out. Rauf is proposing to build a mosque and Islamic cultural center two block from Ground-Zero, where about 3,000 people died in the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
"Underworld: Awakening"
Auto Debt Consulting has been open for less than a year in downtown San Diego and claims it can help people lower their monthly auto loan payments by negotiating with lenders on their behalf. It collects up-front fees of $350 to $799 for those services and promises full refunds.
Cowboys spokesman Rich Dalrymple confirmed that Avezzano died in Italy. He had moved to Milan earlier this year to coach an Italian Football League team, the Milan Seamen. That team said on its website that Avezzano died of a heart attack. Attempts to resuscitate Avezzano were unsuccessful, the team said.
MORRISTOWN — A northern New Jersey bounty hunter has admitted to being part of a scheme to file false documents to earn higher fees for rounding up fugitives.
The Jesuits (Society of Jesus) have a name for it — discernment. Discernment is basically a process of individual decision-making that attempts to get a glimpse of God's will apart from one's own ego. The raging debate on same-sex marriage brings this to mind ("A vote of conscience," Jan. 31).
Schiff chalks up the degree to which CISPA has been revised since its inception to Rep. Mike Rogers (R-Mich.), chairman of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger (D-Md.), the ranking member, who have “changed the culture of the committee for the better,” and sought to allay legitimate concerns over the bill.
Sandra Schneider, president of the American College of Emergency Physicians, says doctors are receptive to efficiency programs, but warns they are just a "Band-Aid" on larger problems, such as the number of patients who are admitted to the hospital but left in beds in the ER because there are no inpatient rooms available. And being treated in waiting rooms and hallways, she says, can be "degrading and difficult" for patients.
Concordia school record-holder Taylor Schmidt, by contrast, got through the first day unscathed.
Bill Lambrecht of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report.
Favorite book: The Hunger Games trilogy (Suzanne Collins)
With money raised from friends, he formed Banyan Tree Books and sold out the first couple of printings. After Bantam picked up "Ecotopia" in 1977, Callenbach called his novel "the little book that could," his wife said.
McDade, who has been involved in performing music most of his life, was the first musical guest when Clark took over as host of the "Bandstand" TV show, which was then broadcast from Philadelphia, in 1956.
A workshop on urban agriculture and composting hosted by Sustainable Jersey City and Committee will now take place at at 301 Garden St. in HOPES’ auditorium.
Our mission was to eat our way across the city and a few of its neighboring islands, sampling traditional favorites such as fried chicken and grits, along with fancier fare in restaurants where chefs are experimenting with specialized ingredients.
The Interim General Manager gave a report on the safety of customer information for customers who pay their bills online.
At the end of one of the weekend practices, the riders held a little play-around race. Lloyd finished third out of 40 riders.
In an interview on NBC's "Today" show, Young accused the boy's stepmother, Terri Moulton Horman, of having a "severe hatred" of Kyron.
The bellboy and amateur composer from Sebastopol had been in the throes of bipolar disorder when he was charged with threatening the lives of co-workers. His family encouraged him to plead not guilty by reason of insanity, thinking that in a mental hospital he would get the treatment he needed.
He bolted MSU as a junior. An NBA champ with the Lakers, he's now a starter in Phoenix.
declined by $25,000 to $1,075,000, down from $1,125,000 in 2009.
If some economists quoted recently by The Wall Street Journal are correct, the dollar is in for some hard times in coming months, with some holding out the possibility of a "free fall" in value. The dollar has lost 18 percent of its value against the euro despite widespread European economic woes. The Japanese yen is up 13 percent against the dollar. The British pound is north of 1.50 per dollar again. Worldwide, the average is a drop of 8 percent in the dollar's value since August.
Coming from a privileged background has never been a disqualifier in presidential politics -- consider the Bush family, the Kennedys, the Roosevelts. Maybe that's because voters recognize that no candidate can have personal experiences that match those of all the diverse groups in America. So they don't expect candidates necessarily to empathize with them. Instead, they look for a candidate whom they trust to do what's right for the broadest group of people.
It was late December nineteen seventy five
Cancerous cells produce a boatload of EphA2, way more than normal cells do. While that would seem to restrict the cancer cells' movement, paradoxically, the opposite is true. EphA2 morphs into a bad cop that helps cancerous cells spread and form additional tumors. This two-faced conduct has been a major mystery to cancer researchers, who have wondered how the molecule can function as both a tumor promoter and suppressor.
Parking: Street, often difficult
Are you concerned that teams might do things to front-load a contract or to make it difficult for you to match whatever they do?
After Humber allowed two singles and a walk to load the bases, Brantley's two-run double made it 5-2 and Kotchman, batting just .160, followed by lining a shot into the gap in right-center. Kotchman managed to leg out a two-run double when shortstop Ramirez missed the tag at second.
The wreck happened about 4:30 a.m. when a vehicle traveling southbound on the northbound lanes struck a northbound vehicle head on near 122nd Street, Illinois State Police Master Sgt. Joseph Stangl said.
What really impacted the Beavers were the 24 second-chance points Cal scored Saturday night. Whenever the Beavers were able to get a stop, there was Cal to grab a rebound or chase down a loose ball.
That request, filed recently, also includes the name of anyone who has provided her with a phone, as well as the name and address of her cell phone service provider.
"If, in fact, we do nothing, there could be some potential issues down there," said ISO Chief Executive Stephen Berberich. "We don't intend to do nothing."
Two were identified as having made or been involved with making objectionable statements and no longer work for the district, Reusche told the newspaper. The substitute was not invited back, and the aide resigned, she said. The third aide, who has not been found to have acted improperly, has also been placed on leave, the report said.
Tenor Scott Scully made an endearing Nanki-Poo, and bass-baritone Peter Strummer was appropriately commanding in the title role.
"It remains our strong desire for Texas A&M to continue as a member of the Big 12 and we are working toward that end," Beebe said in a statement. "However, if it is decided otherwise, the conference is poised to move aggressively with options."
Christie's reorganization plans do not require legislative approval, but lawmakers could disapprove of the move within 60 days.
The cops, Inspector Dave Toschi (Mark Ruffalo) and Inspector Bill Armstrong (Anthony Edwards), operate in a parallel universe. They struggle to pull together evidence from Bay Area police forces and jurisdictions that barely communicate with one another, let alone cooperate with one another, while the Chronicle guys second-guess them, follow their own leads and get in the way. Switching back and forth between the two panels of the diptych structure makes for repetitiveness, but it does prove informative; one has a sense of intelligent, highly motivated men making their way through endless mazes of clues, intuitions, misapprehensions and misinformation. (Crackpots, copycats and deeply weird wannabes keep coming forward to insist they'd committed Zodiac's crimes.)
WASHINGTON — It is a case that has roiled emotions and fueled fierce debate for six years now over a singular issue: Whether a detention center such as a jail can strip-search a noncriminal offender it is holding without first deciding whether there is a reasonable suspicion the person is concealing something.
Although there are the hard-core fans excited to see their favorite MLB teams get ready for the regular season, most people descend upon the Valley in March to enjoy the fine weather, cheap tickets and bountiful booze. Tempe's Diablo Stadium, where the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim train, is close to ASU, and Phoenix Municipal Stadium, where the Oakland Athletics train, that's accessible by light rail. Or hop over to Scottsdale Stadium, home of the San Francisco Giants, where on weekends the lawn beyond the outfield will be packed with young people sipping drinks and checking each other out. If you're lucky enough to get out of class early or have a weekday off, head to a game because the tickets are cheaper during the week.
"It's all about accelerating customer acquisition," Zingale said in an interview. "We realized we needed to go to market with a wider distribution platform" in hopes of adding millions of new users.
Their two children -- daughter Alexandria, 9, and son Xavier, 6 -- travel with them.
Q: Right now, the CEO of the school district has limited authority to improve poor-performing schools. The plan would allow the CEO to take corrective action, such as suspending teaching contracts and adjusting the school year or day to improve low-performing schools. Do you approve or disapprove of this change?
In a long-ago poem, "From a Survivor," she writes to her husband: "Next year it would have been twenty years / and you are wastefully dead / who might have made the leap we talked too late of making / which I live now, not as a leap / but a succession of brief, amazing movements / each one making possible the next."
Mendoza appears safe because he is out of options.
"It'll be a tough place to get a win, but that's what makes it exciting and that's when it is the most fun," said Suns guard Steve Nash, who hit a game-winning leaner to beat the Jazz there April 4.
Meanwhile, East St. Louis firefighters are reluctant to negotiate, said fire Capt. Don Berry, union president. He said firefighters have seen their wages frozen for three years, were getting straight time instead of overtime and had taken furloughs.
Dec. 30 at Washington, 1:00
Johnson, 54, is leading a team of scientists to "the promised land," as one colleague calls it, to study the extraordinary ways the body can change on the highest mountain on Earth.
ROBERT ARTHUR BELL, 87, Webster, died Saturday. Purcell Funeral Home, Bushnell.
Her dream prom date?
Norman was on campus the day of the protests, wearing a gas mask and and a .38-caliber pistol for protection. He was photographing demonstrators and said he regularly sold the photos to the FBI and the Kent State police department.
Ah, I remember now. Blame it on my 11th-grade English teacher, Ms. Sabatini. Aside from the usual reading assignments and repetitive vocabulary tests found in most average junior English courses, our class involves lessons about an art that probably has not been practiced by teenagers in decades -- the art of proper etiquette.
That may be bad news for many of the consumers who bought SUVs this year.
"It doesn’t trouble me that I was investigated. It troubles me that it was leaked and nothing was ever done about it," said Marra.
When asked Thursday if Carpenter could become a candidate for the 60-day disabled list should the need for a roster spot arise, Mozeliak refused to discount the possibility. "But we're not there yet, and that need hasn't arisen."
Example: Romney<U+0092>s new economic plan relies heavily on the assumption that big tax cuts will jump-start the economy <U+0097> and thus boost tax revenue and thereby erase the nation<U+0092>s debt and deficit woes. That sounds an awful lot like what didn<U+0092>t work very well for President George W. Bush.
In focusing on the cloud, HP is positioning itself as the trusted intermediary to link those technologies.
You know how transsexuals will sometimes say they never felt at home in their original gender? Was that what it was like for you? Was there always a white man inside you trying to get out?
--BOUNCING BACK? On the plus side, the weaker drachma would make Greek exports cheaper and more competitive and could help the economy start growing again. Companies outside Greece would be attracted by the cheaper labor and real estate, encouraging them to move manufacturing plants there.
What it is being studied for: To reduce tumor growth and brain swelling in patients with gliomas
Base price: $23,745
After her marriage to Turner ended in 2001, Fonda purposely stayed out of relationships. She says in her book that she was celibate for seven years. "I thought that was that," she writes.
Ramsey County Board Chairman Rafael Ortega said: "There's nothing more for us to do. ... We'll see where they go from here."
Sharrieckia Trinette Page, 22, was being held at the Adams County jail Friday evening on suspicion of child abuse resulting in death, according to the Adams County Sheriff's Office. She is being held on $100,ooo bail.
So was the '90s a decade when the only film work you did was in animation?
The committee<U+0092>s motion this evening not to give pay raises to the elected officials now heads to the Macomb County commissioners, who are to consider it at a 9 a.m. meeting Monday. The vote was 5-0.
Baseball had just finished its first World Series in 20 years that did not include either the Yankees, Dodgers or Giants. Still, unless you found the Celtics dynasty tedious, the last thing on your mind was a new 11-team hoops league filled with Eastern League refugees and point-shaving scandal suspects.
High school: Central Catholic
Donovan Jones, 24, of Gooding Avenue, and Devin Collins, 27, of East 91st Street, appeared in court and were held on $200,000 bonds.
The Connecticut funds own 3.2 million shares of Bank of America with a current market value of $34.3 million, reflecting $57 million of unrealized losses as of Monday. The state is also a significant client of the bank.
Another vehicle crashed into the rear of the PGE truck, police said.
Again, he was an assistant superintendent for just two years. He will be overseeing a cadre of administrative staff in the central office who possess far more experience than he does. I am unable to make any observations regarding Mr. Dance's other appointments, as these are titles/positions that I have never heard of prior to his appointment.
Senate President Steve Morris said senators thought they had an agreement with the House with a map that drew lines so that conservative House GOP incumbents could challenge moderate Senate Republicans in the August primary. He's not certain what happened to the agreement or what more needs to be done.
There's obviously an audience for the film, probably a large one. They are content, even eager, to sit in a theater and watch one action figure after another pound and blast each other to death. They require no dialogue, no plot, no characters, no humanity. Have you noticed how cats and dogs will look at a TV screen on which there are things jumping around? It is to that level of the brain's reptilian complex that the film appeals.
Hathaway had declined to answer questions from Channel 7 and had not responded to calls from the Free Press.
Segall agreed, noting that Fort Meade's mission as the "nerve center" of the nation's cyber defense systems is only likely to grow, especially considering the "increased assaults by the Chinese" on cyber networks.
"That's it," she recalled saying aloud. "They're the ones."
Carol A. Beatty, Executive Director of The Arc of Howard County, and the Community Action Council of Howard County are the recipients of the 2011 Human Rights Award, given by the Howard County Human Rights Commission. The Human Rights Commission Award honors individuals, past and present, and community organizations who contributed to human and civil rights in Howard County. The purpose of the award is to recognize exemplary citizenship, dedicated leadership and outstanding achievement in eliminating or eradicating discrimination, while advancing human rights for all residents of Howard County.
The university is saying that it needs the land back because a professor is doing research on pear trees. It should be finding a way to allow the pear research and the community garden to co-exist. Said Gopal Dayaneni, a spokesman for Occupy the Farm: "We have made every effort to demonstrate that our interest is to protect, preserve and care for the last, best soil in the urbanized East Bay. We are not opposed to the researchers putting in their crops for the coming season."
"I wasn't here, so I have no clue what the mindset was,'' Hoke said. "It would surprise me if this group didn't come out and play better football than we have the first seven games."
Shell Ridge Open Space: 1035 Castle Rock Road, Walnut Creek. No fees.
Fugitive Safe Surrender will not be in operation Sunday, April 22.
The Army already has two THAAD batteries equipped with 24 missiles, each 18-feet long. Two more such batteries will be formed this year. THAAD can shoot down incoming missiles with ranges of 2,000 kilometers <U+0097> a distance considered medium range. It has a perfect record in its last seven tests.
“The only thing the governor has attacked as much as labor is the environment,” said Jeff Tittel, director of the New Jersey Sierra Club, one of 28 advocacy groups participating in the event.
-- Yahoo Inc. fell 3.1 percent after the company named Scott Thompson, president of eBay Inc.'s PayPal division, as CEO -- its fourth in five years. Yahoo has been without a permanent CEO since firing Carol Bartz in September. EBay fell 3.8 percent.
"I could tell by his demeanor he was upbeat, he felt good," Brady said. "So that was exciting. That made me feel better."
This year probably sheds more light on the subject than any other given the high-profile nature of the coaches that have recently left their po$ition$ for "better" opportunitie$. (OK, was that not subtle?)
Once we were seated, something caught my eye — live eels in a tall glass cylinder at the far end of the room. How could I have missed the gigantic display of whole fish on ice behind them? I go to inspect. A langoustine languidly waves its tentacles next to an array of bright-eyed whole fish, with market price noted.
She had just moved to Dobbs Ferry, N.Y., in the early 1980s, where Reed, a partner in a prestigious Wall Street law firm, was the mayor. She attended a village meeting where he was presiding, seated at the apex of a V-shaped platform with the other trustees flanking him.
This was all in his attempt to get to the core of the case: whether someone posting a message on the internet can be sued for slander or libel.
“I missed that feeling,” Barden said afterward. “I missed that adrenaline, that feeling of battling and that feeling of accountability, a band of guys relying on your performance”
Molex .22 from .20
That's why we are on a mission to get added sugars out of healthy foods like low-fat yogurt and whole-grain cereals. And that's why if you don't like black coffee or green tea we'd say -- reluctantly -- take the sweetener.
"Some have gone so far as to suggest that the tea party patriots who have led the charge against the socialistic/communistic/tyrannical/satanic health care bill are themselves a graver threat to the nation than the legislation they oppose. People who have read their signs and listened to their rhetoric, have characterized the tea partiers as dangerous and intolerant extremists.
Fleener was reunited with his Stanford teammate — a quarterback named Andrew Luck — when the Indianapolis Colts grabbed the tight end with the second pick of the second round Friday night.
To highlight its defiant stance, Iran has announced it will stop oil exports to the European Union and threatened to close the Strait of Hormuz to interrupt the flow of Arab oil, too. Yesterday, for the second time since 1976, an Iranian naval group crossed the Suez Canal — on its way to Syria to bolster beleagured President Bashar al-Assad.
1318 Glenmeade Dr, $112,000
"If something were ever to occur, I would not lack one iota of confidence to step in and carry on what this man will lead," Mr. Duffy said.
The scenic town of Alpine sits at the intersection of US 191 and US 180 high in the mountains of the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest. The north-south path of US 191 is said to be route taken by Francisco Vasques de Coronado some 400 years ago as his expedition searched for the fabled Seven Cities of Cibola. The area, also called Bush Valley, was settled in 1876 by Anderson Bush, owner of a log house known as Fort Bush.
"When I came and looked at this, I said 'This is exactly the kind of space they have in Maine,'" he says. "They teach over 90 classes there a year."
Last week, the House asked for a conference committee with the Senate. But Mayer said Tilley has refused to say what it would take to get the House to accept sunsets. Without movement on that issue, negotiations would be fruitless, Mayer said.
And for a change, it was the Blazers who got the last laugh.
Officers found the truck that struck the men a few days later, but the vehicle has been sold several times and law enforcement officials have not been able to determine who was driving, according to the California Highway Patrol.
Marijuana has three times the tar that cigarettes have. It might lead to lung cancer. That's an issue that has been speculated about but has never been proved.
Alex D. Forger testified last week that Edwards' then-lawyer Wade Smith told him in the fall of 2008 that the former candidate agreed that $725,000 given by 101-year-old Rachel "Bunny" Mellon had been provided to help him. Forger will face cross-examination from Edwards' defense team Monday.
there is at least one point in which nearly all parties agree:
"I'm a petite little dancer. This happens to football players, soccer."
The experts will tell you each shotgun performs best with a specific turkey load. The only way to find that sweetheart shotgun shell is to try a variety of loads from different manufacturers, an expensive proposition for a hunter. At Turkey Gun Patterning Day on the SCSA grounds at 19300 Ridge Road, south of Ohio 82, turkey hunters can buy individual shells for about $1.50 to $3 each.
2010-2011 API score change: Measures whether schools improved their API score over the past year. This score equals one-eighth of the Academic score.
Gingrich would love to compete in this Southern state, but he's not. Only Romney and Paul landed spots on the ballot, by having early organizations strong enough to collect the required 10,000 signatures. That leaves Virginia mostly a curiosity. What kind of showing can Paul muster going mano-a-mano with Romney? The fight is over 49 delegates.
"We look at our kids and say, 'Why should they be burdened with having to pay for it?'... They won't be able to afford to go to a game," she said.
Filings have run especially high in recent months as banks have brought to an end delays and moratoriums that were slowing the foreclosure process earlier this year. Housing advocates say they have also seen a surge in foreclosures on people who have lost jobs - as opposed to subprime borrowers with unaffordable mortgages. The loss of income, they say, makes it harder to rework loans to more affordable rates.
Gonsalves, now 43, has spent the past 20 years of his life as a quadriplegic. Today, instead of bemoaning the anniversary of that day, his friends and family are gathering at Central Park in Davis to celebrate the two decades of success he has made for himself.
786 THUNDER HILL DR $280,000
Such incidents are becoming increasingly common, making shutterbugs hesitant to take pictures that they're well within their rights to take. They include security guards harassing a photographer shooting in a Los Angeles park and a man being threatened for videotaping a whale in the Florida Keys. TSA screening areas are a flashpoint for these encounters, with officers sometimes threatening passengers, blocking their view or citing nonexistent rules in an effort to force them to stop taking photos.
Small is beautiful: Maryvale Baseball Park. The big, slick parks in Glendale and at Talking Stick are getting all the buzz, but many baseball fans speak warmly of the smaller, older parks around the area. Bill Plunkett, the Angels beat writer for the Register, enjoys Maryvale Baseball Park, the spring training home of the Milwaukee Brewers. It's in a somewhat scruffy neighborhood in the west side of the city, but it has loads of charm as one of the smallest parks in the league – holding a little more than 7,000 fans. The Brewers are negotiating with the city for renovations of the practice facilities, but overall it's unlikely the Brew Crew will move out.
Karen Cucci, despite ignoring the Munch Boss’ order to RSVP to an all-important e-mail, ended up winning valuable prizes (we’ll figure out what they are later) in a contest where the Munchers guessed how many pounds of chicken Grill Master in Bloomfield cooks in a week (4,200, if you need to know).
Here are some last-minute cautions from Rempe and others:
Donnelly, in response, reiterated state health department talking points made in earlier interviews about the SynCare situation. SynCare, she emphasized, met all the criteria set forth in the bidding process for the January contract award.
I say “possibly” because Mr. Phillips has said he doesn’t have a plan as yet for Hemlock Point Road. How can he justify the removal of so many trees if he doesn’t have a plan? His statements to our trustees, to the media and to citizens often conflict, deepening suspicious attitudes towards him and demanding deeper investigation and stronger measures.
Ford launched its Fiesta subcompact this summer, a direct competitor to several vehicles made in Japan: the Honda Fit, the Toyota Yaris and Toyota's Scion subcompact line.
"The court addressed the question of why marriage matters directly," he said, and read a section from the ruling that stated "marriage is the name that society gives to the relationship that matters most between two adults."
Newt Gingrich, the colorful former House speaker and fiery partisan, formally exited the Republican presidential contest Wednesday and vowed to help Mitt Romney's bid to defeat President Barack Obama.
According to a police report, Leshoure tried to eat a small amount of marijuana as a means of concealing it after the SUV he was riding in was pulled over March 12. He faces up to two years in prison on his felony charge, though legal experts say his case likely will be pleaded to a misdemeanor with little or no jail time.
"I'm really proud of our team because we finally played our best volleyball in the last 2-3 weeks," Seton Catholic coach James Felton said. "I thought we made adjustments that we weren't expecting to make. I'm really proud of them because we're playing at this high level."
Two House leaders said Wednesday headway is being made toward getting the $700 billion financial industry rescue bill through Congress, thanks partly to a provision increasing insurance for people's deposits. President Bush planned to call lawmakers asking for their support ahead of a crucial Senate vote Wednesday night.
Readers offered similar thoughts about the recent caucuses on the Kansas side. <U+0093>Why isn't there any information on the caucus tomorrow?<U+0094> asked a caller on March 9. As with the Missouri primaries, there was instead a story in the Local section on March 10, the day of the caucuses, listing rules, hours and locations. A Page A1 story two days before had mentioned them as well.
“And in speaking with smaller businesses around town, I have not heard one complaint about reconsideration of any hiring nor the possibility of relocation (as a result of the potential tax increase),” Hegler said.
It already had been a frustrating day for the Diamondbacks catcher, who struck out on seven pitches in his first two at-bats before bouncing into a double play to end the seventh.
The engagement argument comes down to this: Sanctions against Burma haven't worked. Two decades since the regime threw out the results of an election that it had (in its delusions of popularity) allowed, it is no more popular but no less entrenched. With U.S. companies and diplomats mostly absent, China has become the dominant power. The Burmese people remain poor and isolated from the world.
Jeff Baker: 503-221-8165; jbaker@news.oregonian.com. Jeff Baker's blog is at oregonlive.com/
Terri Horman was the last known person to have seen the boy more than two weeks ago.
Nicole Lomangino talked in the preseason about waiting for the opportunity to be the St. Francis Prep ace and contribute in a big way. The Terriers senior was behind Katie Derby last season and missed much of the year with a severely sprained ankle.
"This guy still had a pretty decent season last year," said Acta. "I know we had a lot of injuries, but other than Asdrubal Cabrera nd Carlos Santana, who had a better season than him here?"
For example, a recent dinner offer at a Scottsdale steakhouse received so many replies that it generated a wait list.
-- John S. Wisniewski,
Sobin took a pass on the Giants' 2007 victory celebration.
FAMU had been conducting an internal review of the two professors' roles in the hazing, which Avery McKnight, FAMU's general counsel, said has been completed.
Naturally, I felt a little put out about the whole thing. Is it my fault that people won't talk as loudly as they used to?
"I do in a lot of ways because you have some fans who have really been here, supporting the Nets," he said before the game. "You had fans who were here through the 12-win season, losing twice in the finals and that's really rough. It's tough getting there, but it's tough when you lose in the finals. I have been a part of a team that lost in the finals, but they continued to come back."
Still, they acknowledge the trend raises tough questions: Is pushing poorly prepared students to take college-level classes effective? Or does it just demoralize them and divert time and money better spent elsewhere?
Senior Remle, who just turned 19, is 6-foot-4 and 195 pounds of imposing muscle and physicality <U+0096> he played football for Burbank as a middle linebacker as a junior.
It's a spectacular display, drawing crowds with blankets, booze ... and boorish behavior.
-- On John Varvatos: "I think the show is going to make him a household name. There's just no telling how much further his businesses will go as a result of him being on the show."
The Rocky Mountaineer's Whistler "Sea to Sky Climb" railroad chugs through the countryside from Vancouver, British Columbia, to Whistler, the site of many events during the 2010 Winter Olympics. It's often on top 10 lists of great train rides.
A 59-year-old man was taking pictures with his son on a cliff above waterfalls in Mount Rainier when he fell and died.
Flook has a seat on the commission. He's been pushing for a major overhaul.
"Lindenwood came here (to the old Belleville West campus) and started with 100 students in night classes, but now with part-time and full-time students, we're going to hit 4,000 by this fall," Polites said. "There will be 500 full-time students on campus.
A woman can receive treatment as late as her third trimester.
The commission, dominated by appointees of former Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger, has been quick to reduce compensation during the state's budget crisis of recent years.
The event was put together by city residents who worked to put a plan together and presented their idea to city officials.
Saturday: at St. Louis, 5:30 p.m.
Yabbies Coastal Kitchen has been going through its own tsunami of late, with changes in the kitchen, new owners and an evolving menu.
MLB also wants to spur player development by sending pitching and hitting instructors to summer leagues where players migrate after the college season. Harrison said that would conflict with current NCAA amateurism rules.
Blues defenseman Kent Huskins, who has been out since October with an ankle injury, is 90-95 percent healthy and "almost ready to go," Hitchcock said.
Eleven people -- all band members -- have been charged with felony hazing resulting in death, said Gretl Plessinger, a spokeswoman with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. Eight had been arrested by Thursday. Two others face misdemeanor charges.
A: Consumers should look for products labeled as "broad spectrum" with an SPF of 15 or greater that meets the water-resistance requirements of their outdoor activities.
Ultimate's ride must have felt all-too familiar to some of Wattles' executive staff, which included some who'd been with him at Hollywood.
Police in the Memphis suburb of Germantown are reviewing how a 911 call from Lorenzen Wright's cell phone was handled as authorities investigate the shooting death of the former NBA player.
Another component of the budget that continued to stoke anger was the state's plan to borrow or take $4.7 billion from local governments. More than 180 cities have passed resolutions to join Los Angeles County in suing the state, said Judy Mitchell, mayor of Rolling Hills Estates and president of the League of California Cities.
As long as the couple continues to live in a state that recognizes their same-sex marriage, many state-based rights extend to them, often including rights surrounding hospital visitation and emergency medical treatment, inheritance, workers' compensation benefits if a spouse dies at work, health insurance and pension benefits for spouses of public employees, and divorce—including alimony. (One note: Lawyers still recommend that same-sex couples have health-care powers of attorney naming their partners, in case they travel somewhere that doesn't recognize their union.)
Not minding the noise and people, Elder, who made the trip all the way from Canada specifically for the festival, admitted trekking back to her camp for a quick nap Sunday.
Currently, the township has three pumpers, one tender/tanker and one brush/off-road type vehicle, Miller said.
Miller will concede that since that day, and that argument with McMillan, he has changed. For the better. He is more open with teammates, coaches and media. He smiles more. Lets people in more. Sometimes, that even includes me.
Q: I need some good ideas for decorating a girl's room. We're getting ready to move my daughter into her first "big girl" room, and we have navy blue furniture. It's not the perfect color for our all-pink toddler, but it was a great set at a great price, so we snagged it. I'm searching for a color scheme that will still allow her to be girly but also go with the blue.
Others outside the government do not share Geithner's optimism.
The Treasury Department took away that exemption in 2004 for medical students who work more than 40 hours per week. The Obama administration said that Social Security taxes for medical residents can be as much as $700 million a year.
Who knew that Ryan, now principal owner and president of the Rangers, would have yet another showdown with Ventura hours before the first pitch? But this time it was handshakes and back-slaps.
MYTH #8: Tug of war causes aggression
M Jessica Seiler, jr., Fort Zumwalt East
4 tablespoons lemon juice, divided
A giant electronic clock counts down until the exact moment of the announcement. Meanwhile, hair and makeup people work feverishly on the talking heads who will repeat to their TV audiences what they just heard from the podium. Later, the well-coiffed heads will call in critics to explain on camera what it all means.
The weld distinction is crucial, because girth welds are considered less of a threat to a pipeline than a problematic seam weld.
The nation's unemployment rate jumped to 8.9 percent in April, the highest in 25 years. Economists predict the jobless rate climbed to 9.2 percent in May as employers cut 523,000 jobs. The government releases the employment report on Friday. Since the start of the recession in December 2007, the economy has lost 5.7 million jobs.
Through 20 games, the A's third basemen -- Josh Donaldson, Eric Sogard and Luke Hughes -- are batting .111 (8 for 72) with one home run and four RBIs.
Could Carl Crawford fit? His $142-million contract with the Boston Red Sox has turned into an absolute disaster, in part because of elbow and wrist injuries. If he returns healthy and productive after the All-Star break, perhaps Crawford and the Red Sox both would want a fresh start.
The memo goes on to state that Rybak and Dimora were friends before Rybak committed any crimes. They first met when their daughters played on the same basketball team.
Ferrick agreed to take on the project, but it was slow going at first.
C) "Real Housewives of the Neutral Zone."
Store owners (and sisters) Lindsay Kroll and Paige Smith established Cake Plate's pop-up shop program to invite national brands to share a section of their boutique for about 10 weeks. "It's a great way to expand the fashion scene of Napa," says Kroll, who opened the boutique in 2007. Trina Turk is the fifth designer to share in the program, joining the list with Benefit Cosmetics, Kirribilla, Leifsdottir and 29 Cosmetics, which received such a positive response that the brand has set up a permanent counter within the boutique.
Even that proposal appeared to be put together on the fly. One supporter, Sen. James Metzen, DFL-South St. Paul, said at a news conference that he favored adding a casino at the Arden Hills stadium site but was quickly reminded while he stood at the lectern that the latest stadium proposal didn't include a casino.
She said was prepared “to go the whole distance” if necessary. Just then, she received a text on her phone. It was from the school’s vice principal and contained one word: “Yahoo.”
"I think we created a lot of chances," he said. "We didn't give them much. That's how we want to play but obviously we want to score goals. Because when you create that many chances you have to put some pucks in the net."
Cobian said Action Plan One includes increasing the number of students enrolled in honors/AP classes by 10 percent before the start of the new school year.
The Gibault volleyball team will soon be bound for Normal and its first final four appearance and much of that has to do with probably the smallest player on the roster.
James A.C. Kennedy said Tuesday that the company would make a decision about opening the two buildings in the next month or so.
As first reported by The Associated Press on Tuesday, Komen had adopted criteria excluding Planned Parenthood from grants because it was under government investigation, notably a probe launched in Congress at the urging of anti-abortion groups.
On the radar: Why is New Jersey transplant Matthew Breslow happy? Because he plopped an old yellow school bus and a vintage silver travel trailer on a corner lot in Northeast Portland and crowds descended to sample his ode to universal youth cuisine: the humble grilled cheese sandwich. Order at the trailer then choose a seat on the bus or, weather permitting, at a picnic table.
Across the back of the exhibit is a large replica of the bridge of the Enterprise. Yep, you can sit in a version of Capt. James T. Kirk's command chair. I've long thought that one of our studio-driven theme parks should re-create TV and movies sets for folks to browse through, such as the "Cheers" bar or the "Bewitched" living room.
So they created the Collective for Social Change, a group of students at the Auraria campus that has raised the funds for a three-day conference, The Art of Social Justice, which runs through Thursday. The gathering ends with a keynote speech by civil-rights activist and Princeton professor Cornel West, author of such books as "Democracy Matters: Winning the Fight Against Imperialism."
At the time, city officials said they didn't want to push for something without first getting input from the community. Even a few months ago, they realized it would be difficult to reach a citywide consensus.
Dixon is coming out for the first time while in final preparations to try to make the six-man U.S. Olympic team. Now residing at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colo., he will compete in the Visa national championships next month after placing second Saturday at a qualifying meet.
And he isn't the least bit intimidated.
"Occupy Thornton" has worked to the Blues' favor thus far. But, unlike a "checking line," a team's top line can't be wholly satisfied with suffocating its adversaries.
"If he's not very good, then I'll stay with you and we'll go on strike," the former Polish president said.
The happy hour is an excellent value, with house wine for $3 a glass and a long list of $2 tapas appetizers that include grape leaf dolmades and garlic dip made with potatoes and lemon. We opted for merlot and cabernet to accompany falafel and tzatziki.
"The immediate impact will be very small. It will employ a few scientists but won't have a major kick."
Officials currently consider behavior and other factors like the type of crime and the length of the sentence in deciding whether to put an inmate in solitary confinement.
But Kim's latest restaurant, LàOn Dining, is a swank small-plates place, wedged into a mini-mall between a Vietnamese noodle shop and Don Dae Gam. The entranceway is papered with photographs of her posed with actors and K-pop stars, and walking through the black corridor into the glowing, candlelit bar is like entering a shrine. You do not find broiled pork intestine here — there are slivers of grilled abalone, seething pots of crimson octopus soup and pork-wrapped asparagus skewers instead.
Most people experience a minor and gradual memory loss with aging that does not affect their ability to function in life. What many people accept as expected, however, may be the beginning of dementia.
"We took road trips to go to other Sonics," Bays said. "I wouldn't have been up this early if it wasn't for a Sonic run."
But July 13, 1985, was different.
Opening Day is when the optimism of what you wish for in life collides with the dread of what you fear. It's when a ruthless business based on results is carried out with remorse for the guy getting left behind because another guy is better.
"We've always been on the lookout for a building for student housing," said Kavin Buck, the school's vice president of enrollment services. "Housing is a critical consideration for the growth of the college and the retention of students."
ICI spokeswoman Ianthe Zabel on Wednesday said 12b-1s "play an important part in the overall economics of mutual fund investing." The fees, she said, "have proven over time to be a highly efficient and tax-effective method" for covering fund costs.
Fast and Furious, which began in Phoenix in November 2009, was an effort by ATF officials to implement a Justice Department strategy that focused on identifying and investigating Mexican drug cartel networks, rather than just arresting individual illegal gun buyers, ATF officials testified Tuesday. The Justice Department's inspector general had written a scathing report castigating ATF for not pursuing larger gun trafficking cases and spending too much time and resources on single "straw purchasers."
To Sweeney, it makes perfect sense to withhold funds from towns that, as he puts it, “insist on having their name on the truck.” He cites Wenonah, in his district, where borough officials say property owners would save an average of $400 a year with no reduction in service quality if they contracted with adjacent Mantua Township for police protection.
But under the legislation that created the bureau, it must have a director before issuing rules to regulate so-called nonbank lenders. Those include payday loan companies, debt collectors, nonbank mortgage servicers and private student-loan providers, and one in five American consumers does business with them, Obama said.
"There is no way I'm going to vote for this," Councilman Mike Polensek said at a public utilities committee meeting last week. "There is no way I'm going to give you $200,000 of the general operating money so you guys can continue to make bad decisions. My confidence in Cleveland Public Power is completely shaken."
The Magic throttled the Pistons for their second consecutive win after days of turmoil, beating them while undermanned. It's a shame that the story line couldn't be controversy-free.
A recent letter ("Lessons learned from health care in Canada," May 6) highlights a problem in today's world -- a growing sense of entitlement and a shrinking acceptance of accountability.
and give them drinks of water lovingly
Investors in health insurers squirmed through the first year-and-a-half of Barack Obama's presidency as his industry overhaul took shape. Now, the sector that seemingly stood to lose the most from the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is in no mood to cheer the constitutional challenge the law faces in the Supreme Court.
But Obama saved his most pointed jokes toward the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, rattling off a series of one-liners.
3. Name the original "Three Tenors."
Carroll thought he had netted an equalizer in the 82nd, but replays failed to show that all of the ball went over the line from the high header.
Palomar League
Prizes: Some really great bird books.
Medical Mutual's David Fogarty, director of regulatory relations at the nonprofit insurer that administers Ohio's High Risk Pool, declined to comment on the back-and-forth process but did say that insurer uses a "qualified consulting actuary" who does this for a number of state programs. One of the biggest challenges of the program he said, is that regardless of the federal support "there are people who just can't afford the premium."
The irony in comparing Adler (1914-2001) to today's jazz "harmonicists," such as Messrs. Thielemans, Meurkens and Maret, is that Adler was an American who specialized in the European classical repertoire (his signature performance of "Clair de Lune" embarrassed most pianists). Conversely, these living jazz masters are all European, from Belgium, Switzerland and Germany, respectively.
6 cups nonfat or lowfat vanilla yogurt
In another development, a township police officer faces disciplinary charges after officials said he responded inappropriately to an e-mail announcing the furloughs.
Award-winning baker Craig Ponsford, former chairman of the Bread Bakers Guild of America, compares white flour to Humpty Dumpty: "It's a deconstructed food, and then we put it back together. But we don't put it back together very well."
As Dimora stared from across the courtroom, Kleem avoided making eye contact with his onetime friend as he described how their relationship became so close that he would greet the commissioner with a hug and a kiss, a display of affection that helped send a message.
It was then that Santorum unleashed his attack on Romney, whom he said has told audiences he never encouraged any other state to adopt Romneycare as Massachusetts did -- but was proven in 2009 that Romney told Obama to learn what he did right in Massachusetts before drawing up an Obamacare plan.
Picking the winning team in six
The Meadowlands Environment Center in 2 DeKorte Park, will host “What’s in the Water? for families with children ages 7-11” on Saturday at 1 p.m. Collect live creatures, examine plant life and discover the salt marsh as you hike through DeKorte Park with a few pit stops along the way for fun! Through dip netting and water testing, children will learn about the many organisms found living in our marsh. Be prepared to spend most of the time outside. To register, call (201) 460-8300.
In all, 11 women strutted their stuff in Buena Park this past Saturday (March 26), hoping to win the Orange County title. The top three will compete in Westminster in August for the state title, and the state winner will go on to represent California in the 39th national pageant in Atlantic City.
Quilt Club Participants can help one another with projects and learn ideas and techniques every Friday at 1 p.m. at the O'Malley Annex. Machines are available. New members welcome.
What Baudendistel hopes he can convey to his team is that this season and this team will not be graded as a success or failure by whether or not it wins the state title.
In his brief speech at Ke'ehi Lagoon Beach Park, Obama mentioned two
It wasn’t a short season of winter weather.
• The Star-Ledger's Dave D'Alessandro didn't see Sunday's loss as a random occurrence. The Heat won for several reasons: "When your vision clears up, rest assured that Miami 93, Knicks 85 happened for a reason today... It happened because we learned beyond a reasonable doubt that the Knicks cannot match up with Miami when they’re outnumbered in the star category (three to one, if you’re keeping score) — and they really don’t have any realistic expectation of pulling off a historic upset in this likely first-round playoff encounter... Not until we find out what Amar’e Stoudemire brings to the party, anyway — and his absence today makes it hard to glean many other conclusions from this one... Still, there is this takeaway: The Knicks — who will pass Philadelphia for seventh place one of these days and stay there — are likely to wear Melo out at this rate."
The Kapturs took politics seriously. Young Marcy routinely accompanied Anastasia to the voting booth and often watched the evening news from Kappy's lap. She tagged along when an uncle who worked for the county engineer campaigned for his boss.
After 18 months in the camp, the 22 Somalis arrived at Portland International Airport at midnight on Oct. 27, 1993.
"By appointing a new commissioner, the administration may be able to start from square one and maybe heal some of the relationships that have been strained," Marbach said. "In a strange way, it may leave the governor in a better position."
Harvest (Stadt Land Fluss), directed by Benjamin Cantu, Germany, 2011, 85 minutes, in German with English subtitles
"Allo," he said. "A 16? How many? $2,000? If it's clean, bring it, yes."
Chapter III: A sip of treated water
The headlines are scary: Social Security is going bust. Social Security is nearly bankrupt. True? Not really.
The Center for Science in the Public Interest says its testing has found "high levels" of an animal carcinogen, 4-methylimidazole, in Coca-Cola and Pepsi cola drinks.
Lynch, the best defensive recruit from the class of 2011, was the subject of a protracted and agonizing recruiting battle between Florida State and the Irish, initially committing to Notre Dame, then FSU and Notre Dame in the end.
He looked up at the soaked stranger and handed me a yellow poncho, warning that without bright clothing I might become someone's hood ornament.
øIt was years later I learned from my parents that their method of traveling was about more than being convenient. It had everything to do with protecting the family and keeping us safe. Due to racial discrimination we were not welcomed to eat and use toilet facilities at every place; and since my parents had no idea where we were welcomed, they decided to take no chances and just bring along everything that we might need.
Toss in the pasta and snap peas, and loosen the mixture with the reserved pasta water. Stir in half of the mint and the remaining butter, and season to taste with salt and pepper.
Position: Tailback
The school district's MC2STEM High School adds another dimension. Several years ago, the Greater Cleveland Partnership joined with a number of foundations and others in the business community to support the school's design and launch. This effort raised approximately $4 million to finance the cost of renovating facilities that house the STEM ninth- and 10th-grade classes. The Greater Cleveland Partnership also managed the construction of a unique national model -- classrooms and mentoring opportunities for 10th-graders on the General Electric Nela Park Campus.
So the Xolos have zero chance in the Mexican quarterfinals against Monterrey. Right?
"The encouraging piece is that we can respond to it, and the disturbing piece is that there are 500 incidents," Brice said. "We want a school system where there are no incidents. Until we get to that point, we recognize that we still have a lot of work left to do."
Margevicius said that that dollar amount is expected to rise in the coming years as other municipalities sign on with the agreement.
Some of us need to brighten up.
Since 1990, the county has added 455 jobs.
Agents say they identify these sellers through referrals and by tracking those who listed their homes but backed out when they couldn't sell. There also are buyers who work with agents to make unsolicited bids on homes they think fit their needs.
Paulson sat down with The Oregonian's Rachel Bachman in his PGE Park office 3 1/2 hours before kickoff of the Timbers' game against the MLS Seattle Sounders on Wednesday night. He talked about what Seattle has done right, how he used to feel about soccer, how he really feels about baseball and something you'll never see in PGE Park. Answers have been edited for length and clarity.
He added that through her work at CPS, Bowman has been instrumental in ensuring that early childhood education doesn't end at kindergarten, but rather continues with a focused curriculum for youngsters to third grade.
Competition is thicker, though. Deseret Industries thrift store in Happy Valley saw a drop in traffic and sales last year, regional controller Lynda Stewart said. Customers also spent 15 percent less per visit.
"It was an absolute success," said U.S. Capitol Police Chief Phillip Morse.
The problem spread to boardwalk vendors. With too many sellers vying for 205 slots along the west side of the boardwalk, police said, some began hiring the young transients to protect their selling spaces. Some of those vendor vigilantes used force, intimidating artists and musicians who stopped showing up. The young "travelers" also used their proceeds to buy medical marijuana from boardwalk clinics and then resell it, said Capt. Jon Peters, commander of the LAPD's Pacific Division.
The Englewood prison has a few other high-profile inmates, including Jeff Skilling, the former CEO and president of Enron who is serving a 24-year sentence for fraud and other crimes. But most of the facility's nearly 1,000 inmates are there for drug offences, and some could be in for violent crimes including murder, said U.S. Bureau of Prisons spokesman Chris Burke.
It has become something of a New Year's Eve ritual for the Department of Economic Development. For the third year in a row, McKee's Distressed Areas application was stamped "approved" on the last business day of the year. Now he'll go out and sell them to investors to help fund his project.
Speaking of weirdness, Nick makes another trip to Aunt Marie's Trailer of Weird Weaponry and Expositional Library to do some homework. He reads up on "Geiers," (thank you, NBC "Grimm" Web site for the spelling), bad actors who look like vultures and get their kicks out of removing human organs while the humans are still alive, for the maximum suffering possible. Well, now I really don't like them.
At any rate, the $250 million movie lurches forward as plain old "John Carter," a title that carries the faint odor of labyrinthian corporate litigation, like "Michael Clayton," or "Erin Brockovich."
As to the rest, though, the Ohio General Assembly needs to do as it did with vouchers and mayoral control: Grant Cleveland an exception and let it experiment.
Q: How do you feel about the term “celebrity chef”?
The U.S. Office of Education funded the program, which included graduate study and internships at Denver public schools. Many of the students worked closely with school principals, and some worked at the Colorado Department of Education.
They said Bob tried, in a telephone conference in October 2010 with former Detroit Police Chief Isaiah McKinnon, Associated Press reporter Corey Williams and representatives of the Oakland County prosecutor and sheriff, to obtain an insignificant piece of information from Cooper to help Bob confirm the identity of one of his suspects.
Probably the worst thing that could have happened to the Red Bulls was getting blown out by D.C. United, 4-1, Sunday night, a game in which they put up very little fight.
The campaign ended February with $1.5 million in the red but continued spending as though donors were coming.
But it plans to expand its Portland and Seattle footprint through company-owned and franchised restaurants. Executives have identified sites for future spots both in Portland and Seattle, Hilario said.
Kaur had been seeking a divorce from Grewal, police said.
What about Thompson's Navy background? He stifles a laugh. "Lt. Commander, Navy Reserves, retired," he says, and disappears into his duplex.
Lewis was originally signed by the Rams as a free agent out of Duke, where he set school career records for passing yards (10,065) and touchdowns (67). He also rushed for 621 yards and nine TDs. As a senior, he threw for 20 touchdowns, with eight interceptions. In preseason last year, he completed 78.6 percent of his passes (22 of 28) and earned a 113.6 rating. This year, he completed 23 of 32 (71.9 percent) and earned a stellar 96.6 rating.
x-Included in this total is direct government support, the value of college resources for the operations of intercollegiate athletics, unrestricted funds allocated to the athletic departments, and the value of facilities and services provided to the athletic departments at no charge.
"We have a patented technology that produces water from air." Lou, seemingly unaware that the composition of water, H2O, has been reasonably well-established.
1 for a total of 9 on the season. Humans: Still 0, though T-Dog and Carl Grimes aren't doing so hot, and Sophia is still MIA.
They also were expecting to formally sign franchise kicker Phil Dawson and restricted free-agent tight end Evan Moore today, so they will report to the opening of coach Pat Shurmur's first Browns training camp.
Johnson, who had brought black waiters, busboys and other employees with him from Texas, issued invitations for a gala grand opening in 1888. Tustin residents donned their finest clothes and enjoyed a festive evening, oohing and ahing over its grandeur. When the hotel opened for guests, a tally ho with four horses made regular trips to the train depot in Santa Ana hoping to pick up business for the hotel, but few people arrived who were interested in visiting Tustin.
Halischuk left the game for a short time but returned. Klesla received a two-minute penalty for boarding.
Attracting at least 15 percent of the vote would normally qualify a candidate for a delegate to the Democratic National Convention. But state Democratic Party Executive Director Derek Scarbro said no one has filed to be a delegate for Judd. The state party also believes that Judd has failed to file paperwork required of presidential candidates, but officials continue to research the matter, Scarbro said.
Like many popular tourist destinations that overflow to excess in the warmer months, Estes Park often reveals more of its charms in the winter, when it can breathe again and soften a bit around the edges.
"A lot of folks were doing this as a political stunt, rather than as a real policy effort," he said.
"Rent isn't very expensive in Eugene," Acosta said. "I'm paying under $400 a month. I've had to eat a lot of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. But I chose this. I wanted to make sure that, at the end of the day, I wasn't making just the best financial choice, but the best choice to realize my athletic goals."
After Bible study and before church service, the couple sat in the church hall. Chambers had a few minutes to talk about their work. "I won't have time later," said Earl Chambers, straightening his suit jacket. "I'm too busy."
Priority: Cut spending, cut taxes and create jobs.
216-961-7087
It is time we all occupy something, if nothing more than a new attitude.
“We are very proud that he has decided to serve his country as a doctor in a time of war,” his mother, Becky Mckinney, a Wayne-Westland school teacher, said. “He simply wants to help others and maybe improve himself along the way.”
Durkee said the university will relocate the Dinky station regardless of whether the arts and transit project goes forward.
One story I like was when I asked one of my relatives why she voted for Mark Dayton for governor. Her response was, "Well, they always had nice department stores."
Keep in mind that "feral cats with kittens usually don't do well in the shelter environment," Wood says. "Because a feral mother is fearful, she is unlikely to care for the kittens, and may even kill them in the shelter. So for feral cats, we recommend that people care for them until the kittens are OK without their mom."
Not everyone agrees.
Google, which is based in Mountain View, Calif., also disputed the notion that it didn't fully cooperate with the FCC.
"The initial thought would be not to put anything on in 2013 and wait until the 2014 election," said Trevor McAleer, council's legislative budget advisor. "That's how you would save money."
In the settlements, the Atkinsons denied any wrongdoing but agreed to terms restricting any future business ventures, including bans on:
The scholarships – $8,000 for elementary school students and $11,000 for high school students – would be “budget neutral.” Money to fund them would come from donations made by businesses who would receive a dollar-for-dollar tax credit in exchange for the donated funds.
It's part of a president's job -- though not always a pleasant part. In April, Obama spoke to some local anchors in the Map Room. After closing out an interview with a TV reporter from Dallas, he said: "Let me finish my answers the next time we do an interview, all right?"
John Hancock, a subsidiary of Manulife Financial Corp., denies any allegations or characterizations of wrongdoing under the settlement. The company said it was outraged by Chiang's allegations and characterizations of the company's practices.
Turkey vulture day "Welcome Back Turkey Vultures," program will start at 8 a.m. with a spotting scope set up in the Falls parking lot (on Castlewood Canyon Road, 3 miles south of State Hwy. 86) for a closer look at the vultures. Then there will be a short walk from the Falls lot to look for vultures, hawks and songbirds. At 2:30 p.m. in the Park's Visitor Center, get an even closer look at a turkey vulture and learn about their unique abilities. Castlewood Canyon State Park, is located at 2989 South State Hwy. 83, Franktown. A $7 daily State Parks pass is required for all vehicles entering the park. Info: 303-688-5242.
"I get nothing but pie in the sky from TriMet and nothing from our City Council," Zumwalt said.
and Shekell Ivey added the other as the visiting Wildcats (2-0) overcame a 14-7 deficit to beat the Bulldogs (0-2).
Most yards per rush in NFL this season:
"I remember the first time we played Cleveland State, I didn't score. The second time we played them, I think I scored 14 points. So when we played in the tournament, I could tell their approach to defending me was different, and that helps the team."
Start a remodeling or building project with a site walk to gather an inventory of the trees, a critical first step that is often ignored. Observing the site firsthand often raises awareness and appreciation for the natural resource of the existing trees and invariably makes for a better project.
"It's not a Turner fix," Carroll said. "It's a voucher bill. It's also unconstitutional."
To that end, Hitchcock tweaked the lineup at practice Monday, moving Vladimir Sobotka to center.
-- The proximity of the building to the quake's center.
The team also took cornerback Omar Bolden of Arizona State earlier in the fourth round, defensive end Malik Jackson of Tennessee in the fifth and linebacker Danny Trevathan in the sixth.
BERKELEY HEIGHTS — The threat was chilling, but it wasn’t anonymous: A Berkeley Heights teenager told about 100 Microsoft Xbox Live users, some of them fellow students at Governor Livingston High School, that he was going to bring a gun to school on Jan. 26 and open fire.
I recently returned home from an idyllic vacation in Vermont with my adopted dog Butch - the perfect traveling companion. He's happy all the time and never complains, even when I make a wrong turn.
"Main Street in Milwaukie isn't easy," said Tom Kemper, a longtime Portland real estate investor who managed final construction of North Main Village, a mixed-use property that opened in 2007. "Rent is higher than other places. The city's code is restrictive. And there's not a lot of street traffic."
Nothing fancy. No dinner. Just a few questions. Reiff left the meeting with no sense the Lions wanted to draft him with the 23rd overall pick.
Soft side. This is not a reference to luggage (though it may involve some baggage). A soft side is something that presidential candidates — especially a rich candidate — needs to have and that Romney is widely felt to lack. A soft side is evidence of personal vulnerability. Poor guy, everything has always gone well for him. He's had no opportunity to suffer. Or, much worse, he may have suffered but won't talk about it. This is downright un-American.
<U+0093>I<U+0092>m very fortunate my floor is not Formica, but granite,<U+0094> said Larry Marling, barber and owner of Bogie<U+0092>s Barber Shop, 837 E. Westfield Boulevard.
Ryan Lavner, GolfWeek.com: "Everything looked so familiar, didn't it? The Sunday red. The Terminator stare. The confident stride. On the range before Sunday's final round, Woods launched iron after iron from the right side of the range, into a stiff breeze. LaCava stood behind him. Swing coach Sean Foley, dressed in all black, rotated around Woods every few swings, nodding in approval. For 20 minutes, the coach uttered not a word to the student, standing there more to offer moral support than actual guidance. Everything is stronger, sharper, cleaner now. LaCava told a story about how, a few years ago, Woods used to hit 5-irons about 195 yards. Earlier this week, he hit one 232, uphill, with a flight so piercing that it might as well have been on a string."
Her black dress was elegant - not in a movie star way, more like what you'd expect to see in an African-American church on Sunday, which as we all know is where Hudson got her start, singing in the choir.
But that would be one of the consequences if Republicans leaders get their way and federal health care reform is repealed.
Bloom: "It's a classic that speaks to us now. The conflict between reason and faith could not be more relevant."
"He's getting better at it," Kobe Bryant said. "That's all. He's just continuing to evolve as a player."
The two companies also agreed to maintain Constellation's annual charitable giving of about $10 million for at least 10 years.
Mount St. Mary's and Salisbury disputed the report Wednesday.
True freshman running back De’Anthony Thomas caught two passes — both for touchdowns — for 93 yards.
"We do have intelligence that indicates that there is an al-Qaida presence in Syria, but frankly we don't have very good intelligence as to just exactly what their activities are," U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta told reporters in Washington on Thursday.
Appearing Wednesday before a military commission at Guantanamo Bay, Khan admitted to working with Mohammad and conspiring with bin Laden, though he said he never met the al-Qaida leader.
He served in the Ohio House of Representatives starting in 1997 and in the state Senate starting in 2006. Miller opted not to seek re-election to the Senate this year to run for the County Council.
The company has proposed bringing in and treating petroleum-contaminated dirt from northern New Jersey and southern New York to reclaim 105 acres of wetlands and provide 20 acres for commercial development.
The neighbor asked Sarah P. Belfer why there were television crews in front of their building.
Many loyal Northern Ohio investors had turned to Cedar Fair years ago as a stable public investment with a generous cash distribution. But the company announced in November that it would eliminate its dividend, and now many investors are afraid their losses will be made permanent if the company's sale to Apollo Global Management goes through in coming months.
1201 HAAS RD $45,000
"He's actually hitting the ball really well," Ricker said. "The cast is small and his arm doesn't hurt at all anymore. He's just got to figure out how to hit a slice backhand return."
She said a response she got from the national headquarters of the American Legion in 2007 let her move forward.
Jessica also has been a part of the school's honors program, and has always chosen Adamson's math class for her extra honors project.
WASHINGTON — Former Sen. John Ensign of Nevada made false statements to the Federal Election Commission and obstructed a Senate Ethics Committee's investigation into his conduct, the panel said Thursday in a scathing report that sent the matter to the Justice Department for a criminal investigation.
"At about 1 p.m. on May 5, a co-worker entered the victim's apartment, where she lived alone, with the assistance of management and found the body," Lee said.
øIf you watch yourself on the video at the bottom, your eyes will look droopy, she says.
The price tag will rise even further as millions of people who currently receive health insurance at work learn that their employers are sending them into the subsidized coverage in the exchanges.
Recruited as a running back, Riddick moved between the two positions during his first three seasons with the Irish. Last season, Riddick ranked third on the team, with 38 receptions for 436 yards and three touchdowns but saw only 14 carries for 63 yards.
And now Pitt may be swinging for the fences on Oscar night in the lead actor category. He seems to be a lock for that nomination, considering those early nods he's already collected for his "Moneyball" work as Billy Beane, the real-life maverick general manager of the Oakland A's who fought Major League Baseball resistance to his reliance on traditionally overlooked stats in team-building. Pitt the producer may also hear his name called out in the best picture category if the upstart film makes that final cut.
The defense argued in it recent letter that Kandasamy's motives were humanitarian. It says in Sri Lanka, he "personally witnessed the brutality of the Sri Lankan government on many occasions. ... For more than 25 year, he lived in constant fear for his life and safety and the lives and safety of his family, friends and neighbors."
The Monterey Bay Aquarium opened 25 years ago this week, paid for with about $55 million from computer mogul David Packard and his wife, Lucile. It was built on the 3.3-acre site of the old Hovden Cannery on Monterey's Cannery Row and was dramatically expanded in 1996, then renovated again in 2005. The aquarium has become one of the state's leading tourist attractions, drawing about 1.8 million visitors a year. Julie Packard, daughter of David and Lucile, is the executive director and vice chairman of the institution's board of trustees.
I suppose Kelly gets a wide berth because he's been so good, at times, in handling discipline issues. I liked some of what he did with LeGarrette Blount. Love what he did with Masoli. Love what he did with Harris. Other cases are a mixed bag. But the coach's apparent defiance on Tuesday when it came to his star quarterback and prized pupil has to make you shake your head.
Arizona education and policy leaders say there is a growing consensus that targeting the lowest performers is the only way Arizona can boost its academic record and reputation.
A number of national medical and sporting organizations are trying to improve today's youth sports culture. The American Orthopaedic Sports Society for Sports Medicine, the American Medical Society for Sports Medicine and the American Academy of Pediatrics are promoting healthier behaviors such as encouraging early sports diversification rather than specialization; having time away from sports one to two days a week and two to three months a year; focusing on sportsmanship and game integrity rather than individual achievement; and restricting youths to playing for one team at a time.
The 6-foot-3, 190-pounder recently attended a 2-day camp on the Chicago campus of Northwestern, and he felt pretty good about his performance.
We can certainly try.
But he certainly couldn't fathom the festive homecoming that accompanied his return to dry land Saturday: the more than two dozen boats that sailed out into the Chesapeake Bay to greet him, the small plane that buzzed overhead trailed by a "Welcome Home Matt" banner and the hundreds who came to cheer and take pictures on City Dock in Annapolis, including his parents, sister and maternal grandparents.
Bob Hermann will be inducted for his lifetime contribution to the sport of soccer.
Other top linebackers in the 2006 draft: A.J. Hawk, No. 5, Green Bay Packers; Ernie Sims, No. 9, Detroit Lions
Graziano said the deposits and payments have been going through correctly. But people could not see that they were by logging on to the bank's Web site.
The group steered away from comparing only safety-net providers with each other to emphasize that benefits of electronic record-keeping affect every kind of patient, said Hebert, who is also co-director of the quality improvement learning collaborative at the coalition Better Health Greater Cleveland, which spearheaded the study.
Obama vowed justice for the victims of a shooting spree by an American soldier in southern Afghanistan, saying his administration will "spare no effort" in conducting a full investigation and following the facts "wherever they lead us."
Yoga on the Beach (April 10, 17, 24; May 1, 8, 15, 22 & 29) Bring a beach towel and join fellow yogis for vinyasa in the sand every Saturday (weather permitting). Appropriate for beginners, this free class meets at 8:30 a.m. Saturdays at the Pine Avenue Gulf-side public beach access in Anna Maria. Call 941-794-6723.
The man was black, and police say England's son may have been seeking vengeance when he and his roommate shot five black people last week.
In addition to performing and booking musicians and bands, Carter is also an educator, lecturing in colleges and traveling to speak on subjects like jazz, black history and literature.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — New Jersey Devils forward Ilya Kovalchuk will miss Tuesday's Game 2 of the Eastern Conference semifinals against the Philadelphia Flyers with an undisclosed lower-body injury.
After Rwanda, Fredman participated in an art fellowship, studying Jewish texts with other artists, musicians and actors. She has taught art for two years at a Jewish high school in Manhattan.
"Crazier things have happened," Jenner, 56, told The Hollywood Reporter when asked about her famous daughter's recent statements that she'd one day run for the mayor of Glendale, Calif.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Even though he failed last week to keep his job as the state’s top lawyer, Ohio Attorney General Richard Cordray soon might have an opportunity to serve the state in a different legal post.
Thorsen said he was whisked away by aides to meet the candidate during the rally and Paul unexpectedly summoned him to the stage minutes later. After speaking, Thorsen said he was surprised to learn from a member of the crowd who identified himself as an Army sergeant that what he did was a violation.
In a "normal" real estate market with price appreciation of 4 percent each year, homeowners with a 7 percent interest, 30-year loan would never cumulatively pay more to the bank than their home is worth.
Keith outlined a proposal to rebuild the rural stretch of I-70 between Highway 40-61 near Wentzville and Interstate 470 near Kansas City. Depending on the scale of the rebuild, it could cost $2 billion to $4 billion.
"We've got plenty of things to look at and we just need better play from more guys," Blues captain David Backes said. "if we do that, I love our team and we've got tons of character. But if we look for an easy game, you might slide by some of the teams in the regular season. But this is the playoffs against an LA Kings team that is playing as good as anyone and, as a team, better than anyone."
But these are quibbles.
During Illinois' lost decade, Blagojevich perfected the terrible borrow-and-spend ethos that has rendered state government insolvent — unable to pay bills as they come due. With help from his legislative enablers, Blagojevich accelerated Illinois' downward spiral. He committed Illinois to spend money it did not have on health care expansions and other popularity projects that its taxpayers could not afford. Today state government has nearly $200 billion in debts, overdue bills and unfunded obligations. The distinction of America's worst state credit rating and the wastefully high interest payments that come with it? All yours, Illinois.
Conference champs meet as Timberland, formerly of the GAC North, enters riding a 17-game league winning streak. The Wolves, who opened the season with GAC South wins over Howell North (42-21) and Troy (37-13), have two TDs apiece from Haleem Rayford and Clayton Raspberry. Cody Ayres leads the Timberland defense. Sixth-ranked Howell, the defending GAC South champ, is getting stellar play from senior QB Brett Graves, who leads the team in passing (370 yards, 5 TDs) and rushing (211 yards, 3 TDs). Tim Thomas leads the Howell defense with 24 tackles, including nine solos.
60 days in: “That’s exactly what happened. You just remember these certain moments, these people. ‘Do you remember day 12?’ someone will ask. ‘No, I don’t remember that.’ ‘The day we had that great lunch with those people…’ ‘Oh yeah!’ I remember, for example, one woman, she really touched us. She was saying how much we’d inspired her, helped her, and we just said, ‘You made us an amazing dinner. You are an amazing person. You’ve helped us a great deal more than we can ever help you.’ It’s all these little things that add up.”
The president’s options are limited. Pressing the issue too hard may prompt a backlash from China, which the U.S. relies on for foreign capital and support in trying to lead the global economic recovery, deal with North Korea and Iran’s nuclear programs and prevent a potential war between Sudan and South Sudan.
But in some quarters, the “civil rights” meme trumps everything, including self-preservation. It’s hardly “racist” to prudently note that Islamic religiosity characterized the 9/11 hijackers, Maj. Hasan and others and is used as a motivational tool by jihadis.
Love, a student of the game and a fan of the man (Moses Malone) whose streak he tied Monday, knows what matters: wins.
- If you didn't fertilize your lawn last month, fertilize it this month.
dehydration
The program, known as Homes 4 Wounded Heroes, has a bittersweet side.
Fear, rumor and speculation are common among the ranks of public workers, union leaders said. Ryan said the PBA had to combat a rumor that benefits would change for officers who weren’t out within 45 days.
What's at stake: The district, covering Bernal Heights and the Mission District, is a progressive stronghold. Three well-liked progressives with strong credentials are facing off.
The foundation of Colorado Rockies pitcher Jamie Moyer that helps grieving children scored a huge win today with a $1 million grant from the New York Life Foundation, the largest donation in the athlete's philanthropic work.
Cleanliness: Scuffed and worn, but clean.
It was more of a reach for bin Laden, who had a reputation as a shy, dreamy child, to take charge of public relations, but he did that too. In the 1990s, he began to issue manifestos, usually sent by fax to newspapers such as Al Quds al Arabi in London, declaring war on "the Jews and the Crusaders." Once his followers began to make good on his boasts with spectacular attacks such as the car bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa in 1998, bin Laden took advantage of the moment to sit down for televised interviews.
Elsewhere, the United Kingdom Independence Party — which advocates a British withdrawal from the European Union — made advances. The far-right British National Party saw its vote wiped out, losing all six council seats it held in the areas contesting elections.
Bags are packed, flights are booked.
Joe Strauss: "I've come to accept poor officiating as a given in NHL. Yet never mentioned when it benefits locals. Advice: don't give up shorthand goals."
Busch Stadium, St. Louis
The decline was partly due to a drop in the overall number of sales in the expensive southern parts of the state, said author Steven J. Taff, an agricultural economist at the University of Minnesota. Prices in the southern regions continue to climb.
"We cook the egg ... has the most amazing texture, creamy and sexy," Silvers says. "The crispy quinoa adds another texture and then the yogurt is cold – you have hot/cold, crispy/soft, creamy-rich/tart."
"I once rode my bike from Boulder to Winter Park," he recounts, "and took the off-road route over Rollins Pass. It was late August. I got stuck in a thunderstorm on the Continental Divide and was pelted by hail for hours. The helmet only protected my head, but my arms looked like I had just walked through a driving range."
"And those who would see a child being sexually abused and decide not to report it won't be compelled to do so just because of a new state law," he said.
Traffic congestion in the area is already apparent, some local commuters said, especially during busy travel times.
Caldora, the former Westfield councilwoman, said Capparelli showed up at her house after his return from New Mexico to retrieve some belongings he’d stored with her.
“His self esteem has gone up by leaps and bounds,” the proud mother said.
"It turned out perfectly," she said.
So 36 hours before the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony, we go on a mission to find that beating heart. In Cleveland. Call it a mission from God.
"Everything would have collapsed -- the suppliers and everything else," said Local 1250 President Mike Gammella, who spoke after FitzGerald.
Per serving: 235 calories; no fat; no protein;
Early on, Steven's tumbling abilities at the gym caught the attention of a Russian émigré named Tatiana Kovaleva, a former world trampoline champion who became his coach. Steven loved the feeling of floating toward the rafters, then squeezing off flips and twists. His little brother soon got hooked too.
Why take another receiver?
Mr. Draghi hit back at what he called statements of "virility" and "manhood" from bankers saying it would be "undignified" to take ECB loans, though he didn't cite anyone specifically. "The very same banks that make these statements access facilities of different kinds that are still government facilities," Mr. Draghi said.
The supporters of the Arizona Accord are more concerned with the fate of illegal immigrants than they are with those who follow the process and migrate to the United States legally.
What is total disk replacement surgery like and how long is recovery?
The medical examiner's goal is to produce cause and manner within three months on 95 percent of as many as 150 weekly death investigations, office spokesman Mike Molzhon said.
The Sun Devils were threatening again, when cornerback Cliff Harris -- apparently back in the coaching staff's good graces -- intercepted Osweiler in the UO end zone and returned the theft to the 50.
Three-time state medalist Zach Nelson led the way for Zumwalt North, winning by major decision at 113. Fellow senior Joel Lauer won 3-2 for the title at 106, and junior Ryan Thomas won by injury default at 160.
At the weekend box office, the new sci-fi adventure flick "John Carter on Mars" earned approximately $30.6 million and finished second to animated returnee "The Lorax." With an estimated budget of $250 million, "John Carter" is another failed Mars mission for Disney, which suffered a costly misfire last year with the animated "Mars Needs Moms."
Without a doubt, the disparity between threats and our defense resources will also raise the risks to our brave young men and women, while reducing our ability to shape and affect world events.
But this isn't just any Albanian film, and Mr. Marston isn't just any California filmmaker. He's an artist with the instincts of a social anthropologist who chose to make his debut feature, "Maria Full of Grace," in Spanish, and to set it in Colombia, as well as the U.S. He pulled off that improbable project with great panache, and all sorts of honors ensued, including an Oscar nomination for the film's leading lady, Catalina Sandino Moreno.
1 Spend carefully. Whether it is the miles per gallon of the car we drive or attention to medication costs, careful spending brings good results. Without even considering taxes, every $100 a month not spent eliminates the need for $30,000 of retirement assets, which is more than 40 percent of all workers have in savings.
When poet Rita Dove made the introduction at the Anisfield-Wolf ceremony, she compared the 38-year-old Hirsi Ali to the abolitionist and former slave Frederick Douglass. Ronn Richard, executive director of the Cleveland Foundation, which administers the awards, said Hirsi Ali's prize was kept secret to protect both her and members of the audience.
David Mitchell, Kent Denver, def. Harrison Lang, Niwot, 4-6, 6-0, 6-2.
70 LOT TERRACE AT COLUMBUS POINT #70 $150,210
"What we do this year could lead to being successful next year ... if you do things properly."
Louie's Steakhouse & Lounge, in New Grand Hotel, 616 Vernon St.; (250) 352-5570. Red meat and martinis. Main dishes, $16-$39.
The book will be on sale for $14.
Deputies say they last saw Chamberlain alive at 6 p.m., after they opened the "day room," allowing inmates to leave their cubicles, take showers and watch television. That night the TV was tuned to Game 1 of the Dodgers-Mets playoff series.
Manufacturing had been one of the leading sectors since the recession officially ended two years ago. But factory growth slowed this spring and summer, partly because of supply disruptions from Japan, but also because consumer demand weakened.
Savethevikes.org founder Cory Merrifield organized the event in Silks bar at the track to build support for a new Vikings stadium in Arden Hills. Merrifield took to the winner's circle with a microphone between races, bringing along supportive legislators to pump up the $1 billion plan and a possible racino at the track to help pay for it.
2 cups peeled, diced sweet potato (1 large)
The perfect gift for: students of old-school R&B.
Online publishing date: Aug. 30, 2010.
2. Disregard the season series, won by the Kings 2-1-1. Hitchcock and the Blues were 1-0-1 against the Kings after Sutter took over as coach. Injuries reduced the Blues' firepower; Andy McDonald missed all four games vs. LA, and Alex Steen and David Perron each missed two of the four. The Blues never had Perron and Steen in the same lineup for any of the four games. Perron missed the first two games vs. LA; Steen missed the last two. This could be significant because McDonald (0.47), Perron (0.35) and Steen (0.33) had the best goals-per-game rate among Blues forwards.
The company also is hiring for a third shift to keep its bottling line jangling 24/7.
Now, however, Karen is gone. Her heart gave out in April while doctors were preparing to do exploratory surgery. The Howey-in-the-Hills woman was only 61.
Family calendar. Post this in the kitchen or another common area. It will keep everyone on schedule, avoid overlapping appointments, and keep parents from overextending with too many activities. Decide for yourself or as a family how many activities a week are manageable and cut back if you need to.
The groom chose his friend David Ray as best man.
Repsol acquired its 57% stake in YPF in 1999 for $13 billion, and the company now represents about one quarter of its revenue and oil production worldwide. Repsol said it has invested $11 billion since the acquisition. The company is also active elsewhere in Latin America, including in Peru, Brazil and Colombia.
James M. Davis, 19, of East St. Louis, was charged with first-degree statutory rape. According to the arrest warrant, the girl was victimized in a St. Louis County apartment between October
Molly Wei and friend Dharun Ravi, both 18, were charged with invasion of privacy last week for allegedly using a webcam to watch Rutgers freshman Tyler Clementi in an intimate encounter with another man. Clementi, 18, committed suicide a few days later.
That report was released 41/2 years ago, and Clemens has never wavered from his initial statements, strong and forceful ones at that, that accusations by his former personal trainer Brian McNamee were lies.
Head coach Kyle Flood originally hired Sirmans from Boston College to replace Chris Hewitt, who left for a job with the Baltimore Ravens. But Sirmans opted to take a job as running backs coach with the St. Louis Rams.
6. D.C. United: G Joe Willis gets peppered in L.A. while starter Bill Hamid prepares for Olympic qualification games with the U.S. under-23 team.
Individuals can, however, still get benefit estimates from the ssa.gov's online estimator. They don't include an earnings histories. But the estimates are as solid as anything else available, and it's an easy tool to use.
The album, which includes the country standards such as "Crazy," "Make the World Go Away" and "You Don't Know Me," has been nominated for a Grammy Award as the best traditional pop vocal album.
SANFORD, Fla. <U+0096> Many in the public see George Zimmerman as an aggressive neighborhood watch volunteer who profiled Trayvon Martin, chased the teen and murdered him. That's also how Florida special prosecutor Angela Corey regards him, according to court records.
"You don't say 'Why don't I Google it' and go to Yahoo or Bing," says Jessica Litman, professor of copyright law at the University of Michigan Law School, referring to other search engines.
Nike began working with the paint coating and finishing company in 2008 to revolutionize the look of football helmets, starting with the Ducks and Texas Christian University. Since then, Hydro Graphics has added about a dozen schools that have the closest business relationships with Nike among the more than 100 colleges and universities licensed to wear Nike gear. These schools have, for at least one game, worn a helmet with an out-of-the-normal design for which HGI has applied a durable colored coat.
$500,000, Switched Reluctance Motor Technology for Zero Emission Mobility –Boccieri
This catalog of facts and figures may appear boring, but they tell a whole lot about Baffert’s attack on this Breeders’ Cup. He’s locked and loaded.
A: About 12 percent of Earth's land surface.
Following both Hurricane Irene and the October snowstorm, customers were frustrated by calls from JCP&L that seemed to be saying power was back on as they sat in the dark.
After a series of meetings early this week, Treasury officials will decide whether to start issuing floating-rate debt for the first time ever. Instead of the interest rate being fixed throughout the life of the notes, the rate would move up and down as overall rates move higher and lower.
Ford has promised to build a new engine in Brook Park if UAW members nationwide agree to the changes.
Ariz. branches: 78.
9: KC again pressuring near Portland's goal, but the defense holds them off and the Timbers are back in control.
"He makes real aggressive mistakes when he makes them," Horne said of his catcher. "You can't fault him for that. We take risks, and as long as they are educated and hustled risks, I have no problem with that."
It goes like this: When human consciousness expands, for whatever reason and with whatever stimulation and even if you can only measure it in hairbreadths, when our nasty habit of harsh judgment falls away and people begin to get a little bit, you know, lighter, there is always, as sure as there's someone who hates the sunrise, a clampdown, a recoil, a desperate need by the terrified and ever-paranoid conservative sect to, you know, put a quick stop to this so-called awakening ASA-damn-P.
UFC 145 takes place from Atlanta Saturday night, headlined by a grudge match for the UFC light heavyweight title between champion Jon Jones and challenger Rashad Evans. We'll be providing ongoing coverage throughout the evening, beginning at around 4PM Pacific.
I suffer, you see, from a peculiar derangement. What some may call a bright color, I find garish; what others nod at as pleasing music, I shrink from as discordant. Fault I find with everything, snarling at the prettiest of players, fleeing theaters with my hands clapped over my eyes.
1570 St Loretto Dr, $121,000
In exchange, remaining charges including felony civil rights violations resulting in bodily harm were expected to be dropped.
Ground white pepper
FAA employees whose jobs are paid for with trust fund money will be furloughed, including nearly 1,000 workers at the agency's headquarters in Washington, 647 workers at FAA's technology and research center in Atlantic City, N.J., and 124 workers at the agency's training center in Oklahoma City.
But the shot missed and Green hit two foul shots to close it out.
Coach Jim Caldwell said the offensive staff also was involved in the communication. It seemed as if everyone was involved in the discussion except the Broncos' defense.
As of right now, the City has sent a "request for expressions of interest" for the cafe, a part of their normal process, as our permit to be in the park expires at the end of April or sometime in May. Folks forget that I signed on in 2007 -- and we always knew there would be a renewal period.
WR Keshawn Martin, Round 4, Pick 121, Houston
Oshie has been liberated to the wing with the return of Vladimir Sobotka, who has taken up residence as the third-line center. Oshie, who had been playing there, said he has no preference. He played center most of his final college season at North Dakota.
Amid all the painters and poets and golfers and movie gunslingers who have dominated Carmel's public life in the last century, this rugged coastline is also a key territory in the history of American photography.
The singer-songwriter, who has amassed an impressive list of hits, such as "Gunpowder & Lead," "Famous in a Small Town," "The House That Built Me" and "Baggage Claim," is on the road again. She plays Mountain View's Shoreline Amphitheatre on April 27. Presumably, she'll be leaving her trunkload of awards at home.
PER CUPCAKE: 170 calories, 2 g protein, 27 g carbohydrate, 6 g fat (4 g saturated), 31 mg cholesterol, 108 mg sodium, 0 fiber.
Women of our region: You can lead, and you can make a difference! Call the Sue Shear Institute to get the training and then step up to the plate. We need you!
Janoris Jenkins, a cornerback at North Alabama who was kicked off the team at Florida, went to the Rams six picks after they took Quick.
No one debates the benefits of pre-kindergarten, said Marcia Egbert, a senior program officer for human services at the Gund Foundation. “Therefore it’s frustrating that the district, even recognizing its financial dilemma, would offer up one of the things we know is one of the most successful.”
A janitor at the scene reported a heavy smoke condition on the second floor of the building and firefighters found flames coming from the base of one of the work tables in the lab, police said.
Wendell Burnette, based in Phoenix, who won the 2009 Academy Award for Architecture from the American Academy of Arts and Letters, is also known for his "desert modern" houses—but his tend to be boxier and use more metal. For the house he designed for himself, 4- and 8-foot-wide parallel panels line the exterior. The house looks like two boxes fronted with glass.
Under the Grow NJ program, which Gov. Christie signed last month, the company would qualify for between $70 million and $120 million in tax credits, Holub said.
Speaking by cell phone to USA TODAY, Chen said his health was OK and that he was pleased with arrangements that U.S. Embassy officials made with Chinese authorities to ensure his safety and liberty in China. He said he was confident the agreement would help him get out of China with his family.
State and federal laws ban the sale of marijuana, but Oregon allows medical marijuana growers to recoup the costs of supplies and utilities. But no one in authority checks those prices. Many law enforcement officials readily acknowledge they don't have a clear idea of what's taking place inside the state's marijuana resource centers, collectives, co-ops, clubs and cafes. They don't know how much marijuana or cash moves through these businesses. They aren't subject to regulation or inspection. The pot doesn't have to be checked for quality and it's not taxed.
Its set included <U+0093>Dear Love,<U+0094> a chiming, thundering rock anthem, and <U+0093>Weatherman,<U+0094> an infernal mix of punk, blues and grunge.
"I feel like we're in good shape," Jones said. "I'm not worried or nervous because progress is being made elsewhere. I still think we're ahead of the curve."
The heavy lake effect snow in northern Indiana was part of a slow-moving storm that has been crawling across the Midwest since Friday night. At least 11 deaths have been attributed to the storm, which dumped nearly 2 feet of snow in parts of Minnesota and Wisconsin before moving into Michigan and Indiana. Monday, it stretched further east, with snow in parts of Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York.
Two Granite City men have been charged with felony mob action following a Jan. 5 incident.
Collins joins his running mates in being favorable to small business in Lawrence.
On Monday, the Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa laid off 50 workers, citing competition and the poor economy, and Trump Entertainment Resorts said it let go an undisclosed number of workers at its three casinos.
Rounding out the top five were Gresham with 105,594 residents, up 17.1 percent and Hillsboro with 91,611. Hillsboro's population gain reflected a whopping 30.5 percent growth rate. That's the highest of any of the metro-area cities.
The Southwest has an abundance of plants that thrive in this area and nowhere else. I believe our gardens should somehow connect to the distinctive regional look of the surrounding natural landscape.
The stop at the downtown station came during a New York visit to honor those who died in the fiery Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the World Trade Center. The police station stop came after Obama had a private lunch at a Midtown fire station that lost 15 firefighters on 9/11.
Before the meeting, union leaders stressed they weren’t committing to negotiate, but rather attempting to seek out additional information.
-- Eliminating redevelopment agencies: "I'm concerned about it, and I've expressed that privately. I hope there is some more sophisticated - some third way thinking on this, because it's one of the few (development) tools you have as a municipality.
Defense attorney Steve Fishman said that Gentz was given a good lawyer.
That's not to say you don't have to do some ongoing maintenance yourself. Before the service pro shows up, you should clean or change your furnace filter and turn your furnace on. Allow it to run for a while to make sure it's working properly.
March 9, 2012: Broncos officials begin the process of moving on from Tebow when the team brought Peyton Manning — the biggest free agent in the league — to visit Dove Valley. Ten days later, Manning picked the Broncos over his other suitors and signed with the team Tuesday.
Jason West, MSHSAA communications director, said his office found the mistake the next day.
But it was Farmar’s shot that definitively erased a two-point lead taken by the Clippers with eight seconds remaining on Paul fouls shots, giving the Nets a win against a playoff-caliber team — something they haven’t experienced much of this season.
Sept. 2 — AdvoCare 500, Hampton, Ga.
James Coffin is executive director of the Interfaith Council of Central Florida.
Linares worked at Hoy Los Angeles since its founding in 2004 and helped shape its coverage as he rose to the position of deputy editor.
Kasich spokesman Rob Nichols defended the cuts, arguing that the $8 billion state budget hole makes them necessary and said that cities will have new tools – such as the collective bargaining law known as Senate Bill 5 – at their disposal to help them cut costs.
For checked luggage, every suitcase, every set of golf clubs, every wedding dress must pass through a detection device that checks for explosives.
John Muroski didn't limit himself when it came to business.
Cost: Free. Parking is free after 6 p.m. For more information, e-mail aaii-neo@googlegroups.com
HB 473 addresses charter school accountability. But the effectiveness of the proposed measures has been not been tested. Meanwhile, the bill would give non-sectarian non-profit or charitable organizations carte blanche to sponsor new charter schools - no prior experience required.
The French CAC-40 dropped 2.8% and is now in the red for the year, capping an ugly April that erased a strong first quarter. The benchmark Italian index fell 3.8% and is now near its lows of last September. In Germany, whose exporters depend on the rest of the euro zone's economy, the stock market sank 3.4%.
Sen. Charles Grassley, an Iowa Republican and longtime proponent of government transparency, demanded that HHS restore public access.
“Right from that first day, he said ‘We expect big things from you,’ ” Jeter said. “I always remember that because first impressions you never forget. He expects a lot.”
Monti also thanked the residents of Giglio, which has a wintertime population of about 900, for opening their doors to the 4,200 refugees who struggled ashore with nothing and were given clothes, food and shelter.
East Orange police said Davione Warren was arrested near Telford Street and Tremont Avenue after police received an anonymous tip that he was dealing narcotics out of his car. After setting up surveillance, officers from the city’s Violent Crimes Task Force approached Warren’s vehicle and allegedly saw him attempting to hide a bag that appeared to contain small envelopes, according to police.
During Saturday’s telecast of No. 17 Army’s 9-6 victory over Navy, the CBS Sports Network tandem of Dave Ryan and Evan Washburn mentioned sophomore attackman Tucker Hull’s inability to use his speed against Black Knights junior defenseman Brendan Buckley due to a hernia injury.
Romney, poor fellow, just cannot seem to find anything in common with the middle class. He offered to make a $10,000 bet with Rick Perry in the middle of a debate, over a quote in a book. When is the last time you placed a friendly wager of what kids today refer to as “10 stacks”?
THE PONTCH Deal reported to redo and reopen glassy downtown landmark as a Crowne Plaza hotel. How suite it is.
"They have a very good coach," Wade said. "He's done some things where he's made adjustments. I'm sure he's going to make adjustments. … We just have to make that adjustment once we see it and go from there."
Adjust your lifestyle. Life in college might not be the same as what you were used to with your parents. You might ask your parents what their financial lives were like in college.
øHopkins also does not see any advantages in fighting at Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City, not far from his hometown of Philadelphia.
Recently, we have progressed from harmless flirting to an affair. We are very careful not to let anyone know, especially at work. I have no expectations of him leaving his wife because of their financial/family situation.
You'll find standard breakfasts and burgers at this waterfront dive, along with a blue-collar view of the Bay Bridge. Expect big crowds before Giants games - doubly so on a nice day - as fans pack in for a hot dog and beer.
Break (rather than cutting) the healthy ones away from those that are spent and dispose of the latter.
Readers want those answers, and the newspaper is trying to get them. In recent days, we’ve looked at the concerns of business leaders and property managers, as well as those of protesters and security professionals. City leaders say the summits will be a terrific showcase to burnish Chicago’s international reputation. They are playing down the possibility of down sides ranging from traffic inconveniences and closed stores to violent protests and mass arrests.
Orban presented the plan after a three-day Cabinet meeting and is being closely watched internationally after some officials recently suggested the country's economic situation is similar to that of Greece.
WASHINGTON -- Ellie Light, the ubiquitous letter writer arousing blogosphere suspicions that she is a White House operative spreading the gospel of Barack Obama, may really be a man who works as a respiratory therapist.
"But big picture, I agree that things are getting better," he said, adding that new chains are coming to the area, despite the mixed picture in some of the suburbs.
"One homicide is too many," Carbajal said.
Smith served as a Chargers scout during Coryell's later seasons, when the machine was breaking down, but he hasn't forgotten how difficult Don and co-pilots such as Ernie Zampese (Norv's mentor) made it on the league. If the GM admires a newer model, it's Bill Belichick and the Patriot Way. New England's lighthouse is one that can keep you off the rocks.
According to police, Officer Scott Price met and spoke with the 19-year-old victim who said that he his Zune digital music player was stolen from his vehicle.
The foundation also gave $170,000 to Edwards' new group, Food & Water Watch, "to support continued litigation to hold large poultry corporations accountable for the pollution generated by their contract farms."
"Most of us didn't get back until like midnight," Cor Jesu's Jenny Antonacci said of the team's win at Rock Bridge the previous night in Columbia. "It was crazy."
County with highest percentage of Asians: Washington, 9% of 529,710 residents
First, the team was late for its Class 4 quarterfinal contest against Dexter after its bus failed to show up. Once the game started-about 30 minutes late-the Phoenix had to contend with a talented Dexter squad as well as overcome a decidedly pro-Dexter crowd at the Farmington Civic Center.
10. Varadero, Cuba
2450, Seung Yong Choi, East Rutherford, 3:09:59.
To make the citronette, place the reserved orange juice and the remaining 1/4 cup olive oil in a small bowl, and whisk to form a thin emulsion.
Really like the Kuechly pick. Coach Ron Rivera was a linebacker, so if he likes the tackling machine out of Boston College, so do we.
The Rats clashed with their Irish rivals, the Hogan gang, as well as other gangsters. Waugh's first book deals extensively with those troubles. With surplus notes on their tangled dealings with other gangs, he did more research and wrote his second book. In it, he gives roughly equal shakes to the Rats and Hogans, the Cuckoos of the near south side, the Sicilian-immigrant Green Ones and other mob factions.
In addition, the Yankees finally used the chip that was Jesus Montero to obtain Pineda. He did not have his good fastball in spring training. But Rothschild reasons now that a combination of shoulder weakness and deviation from a streamlined delivery were making the ball cut and robbing life from his velocity. He expects to see 98 mph when Pineda returns to the majors.
SAN FRANCISCO — Two Americans who were detained and accused of spying after hiking near the Iraq-Iran border three years ago have been married in Northern California, a family friend said Sunday.
DanPAC (Sen. Daniel Inouye), $10,000
"Quinn is just like Rod Blagojevich without the criminality," is a phrase I've heard for a while.
100 Dan Morley URB Delvon McKoy-Harper MVT Fall 3:26 6.0
At 7 tonight, the feature is "Nothing but the Truth," a South African drama in which the funeral of an anti-apartheid activist opens old wounds.
M-1 Rail leaders have been battling back after Mayor Dave Bing and Gov. Rick Snyder said in December they were pulling their support for the rail project, which at the time would have extended north to 8 Mile Road. They said the city was better off working on a plan with the suburbs to build the rapid-transit bus system.
This season, the fear might be that McCoy has too many helping hands. The Browns have many offensive thinkers, from former quarterback guru Holmgren to head coach Pat Shurmur to quarterbacks coach Mark Whipple (an early mentor of Ben Roethlisberger in Pittsburgh) to Holmgren aide Gil Haskell to former college head coach Keith Gilbertson to everybody but Bernie Kosar in the broadcast booth. Heck, maybe Bernie, too. So many voices could become a cacophony.
“I’ve talked to a lot of defensive players and they get nervous when the field gets slick,” Aikman said, “because they don’t know where the guy’s going and they’re scared to death about falling down.”
Part Korean pancake, part crepe; easy and versatile. For heartier appetites, fill the pancake with shredded, cooked chicken, pork, beef or seafood (or other vegetables, for that matter) or add some cooked protein to the batter. (Fish or seafood in small pieces could be added raw just before cooking; the pancake's cooking time allows these items to be cooked through.) Use older scallions with thick bulbs for this recipe; they have a more distinct oniony flavor.
Also Friday evening, James Connell, one of the defense attorneys for Ammar al Baluchi, aka Ali Abdul Aziz Ali, sharply criticized the military court system, calling it a "blight on America's international reputation and her commitment to the rule of law."
"It's a high-quality disc that's broken in," Boals said. "When I'm feeling it, I'll grab that one. I've had some big throws with it."
Pope deals with some doozies — like helping exonerate a gay soldier accused of murder and saving a Supreme Court nominee whose wife's name shows up on a list of high-end call girls. As co-executive producer and consultant, Smith reads all scripts and is an ongoing resource weighing in on how a top-notch Washington consultant would handle a crisis situation.
A similar exchange of $10,000 occurred on July 17, 2009, at the Malibu Diner in Hoboken but with Cheatam delivering the cash from Dwek.
NEW YORK -- At the core of an international agreement to head off future financial meltdowns is a requirement that banks keep more money on hand in case of trouble.
"There are remuneration packages that will no longer be tolerated because they bear no relationship to merit," Sarkozy said, calling it "morally indefensible" when companies that "contribute to destroying jobs and wealth also earn a lot of money."
The suit notes that Moises Perez first started demonstrating "behavioral problems" in his teens and was later diagnosed as schizophrenic.
Cho meets with the woman’s children in a private conference room.
The decision for Paul to relocate to Cleveland wasn’t too difficult, since he was able to find work as an assistant prosecutor. Plus, Joan has a son, now 24, and is close with her family here, so it would have been more complicated for her to move to Massachusetts. Paul said he has made friends here and found his niche, so he’s glad he made the move.
He was in the starting lineup again on Saturday night, wearing a white bandage over the lump just above his eyebrow.
"One of the complaints was, 'Why are you showing this on the weekend when I'm out doing it?'" said Rucks, a former executive on the Bassmaster Tour. "It's not about just giving them a longer show. What you end up is seeing how the anglers play the game, how they find the fish, how they deal with the stress and things they never have had to deal with. We're trying to disrupt them, to make them more stressed, and by making them more stressed, making them more competitive and making them figure out things a lot faster."
But even while becoming a successful business entrepreneur in the late `50s, he retained his filmmaking ambitions.
An explosion blew apart the second floor of a Brooklyn home Tuesday and sparked a fire that killed the 26-year-old woman inside, officials said.
The only other driver to venture out on the 1.968-mile street circuit was Dixon's teammate, Dario Franchitti, who nursed his car back to pit road in the rain.
The inquiry ultimately led to Interian-Castillo's apartment earlier this year. An undercover retail investigator from Albertsons approached the apartment's occupants, who offered to pay the investigator to steal certain goods. The occupant offered to pay $10 a bottle for a "120 load" box of Tide laundry detergent and $5 per bottle of Downy fabric softener.
Some students suspected Atteberry was gay. A boy in class asked Atteberry what he thought about a proposed law banning gay teachers. When Atteberry asked the boy why he posed the question, the student said his father had specifically told his son to ask Atteberry. The teacher chose his words carefully.
The Senate majority leader, who was elected just a week ago following a major political shakeup at the Capitol, met separately Tuesday with Wilf and Dayton. Although Wilf showed drawings of the two Minneapolis locations, Senjem said he felt that much work still needs to be done.
Wolfgram returned to the work place partially out of necessity.
The game was tied at halftime before Nowitzki had 12 points and Kidd made three three-pointers in the third quarter, when the Mavericks scored 34 points to take an 81-68 lead.
"We're going after every one of those kids to make sure they remain in an SLPS school, whether it's choice, magnet or neighborhood school," he said.
Apparently the price is justified by the fact that the down comes from the softest goose feathers in the world and then enclosed in the most luxurious of fabrications. The store is currently selling Scandinavian Down comforters at a discount.
There will be much debate over whether Sky's escalating violence represents the fate of many children with autism as they mature. It is an important discussion that could bring changes in treatment for countless autistic children, and I urge those who haven't yet read this story to do so online: tinyurl.com/yg7x235
Kenston lost, 11-7, in the first game as the Bombers committed six errors and allowed six unearned runs. In the second game, things got worse as Kenston fell, 15-2, in five innings. The Bombers are now 15-9-2 and 8-2 in the division. Aurora improved to 15-2, 10-0.
Winning individual awards for Trinity were seniors David Krafft, first in engineering graphics; Tyler Willmann, second in graphics; and Brett Turnbough, third in graphics; and juniors Connor Walsh, first in computer science and third in physics; and David Redden, second in graphics.
Clawson, the Ladue wrestling coach, is piecing together an up-and-coming program. One of the bigger pieces is Chris Shirley. A 6-foot-4 senior, Shirley looks like he ought to be shooting baseline jumpers and chasing rebounds. He was one of the anchors of a solid team last year, but now he's the centerpiece of a team that is perfect through the first three weeks of the season.
That as much as anything may be why Barnes Arico was introduced Monday as the ninth head coach in U-M history.
37. Brian Vickers 66
That none are women doesn't trouble Berggruen. "They were picked one by one, not picked because they are old or young, have a beard or no beard," he explained.
The company also reported weaker-than-expected financial
Price said that sale set the bar for the 800,000-square-foot Ameritrust.
Shriver, 55, spoke openly about the uncertainty she felt about moving on to the next phase of her life. "It is so stressful to not know what you're doing next," Shriver said in a March 28 YouTube video to supporters. Though there was no intimation of a split, Shriver appeared without her wedding ring. "I'd like to hear from other people in transition," Shriver said. "How did you get through it? What were three things that enabled you to get through your transition?"
øAfter playing in the Spanish Open this week, he will play seven times over an eight-week span in England, Wales, Sweden, Germany, Ireland, France and Scotland.
The Booke family in Oak Harbor, Wash., thought Magnetix would be perfect for 4-year-old Kyle.
Thousands of Arizonans who lost their jobs to offshoring several years ago haven't been able to find work.
Typically, a bad offensive start in an Arena Football League game is crippling.
Alicia Keys: The R&B musician charted roughly 20 times on the Billboard chart and has three No. 1 hits.
Per serving: 580 calories, 32 g protein, 63 g carbohydrate, 18 g fat (9 g saturated), 93 mg cholesterol, 167 mg sodium, 5 g fiber.
"At this point in his career, going into any indoor or outdoor meet, he has a chance at the collegiate record," Steele said. "He's in uncharted waters, but I think he's liking it. He's having just as much fun as we are watching the improvements and seeing where this thing is going."
Guitars and Gear
PSAL Staten Island A was as balanced as it’s ever been. McKee/Staten Island Tech sent their seniors out with a division title, Wagner was one of the city’s hottest clubs near the end and New Dorp made the playoffs for the first time in 14 years. Staten Island Academy won another PSAA crown.
The series of World War II executions carried out by Soviet secret police in April and May 1940 left more than 20,000 Polish prisoners of war dead, many of them members of Poland's elite.
Tyson Chandler showed his value against Cavs on the court and in the locker room.
Rubin began writing while in college, editing the college magazine. While practicing medicine in New Jersey and New Mexico, he wrote and published an HMO newsletter, wrote medical articles and co-edited a technical book on medical subjects.
The school aims not only to prepare students for a college-prepatory high school, but to help pay the cost.
"When you put a barrier up, which I believe this is, it's just anti-participation in democracy," Simon said. "You don't want to make it harder for people to participate. Even if one person shows up, that's OK, you want to make it available."
The Ohio is forecast to crest Sunday at 60.5 feet - a foot over the 1937 record at Cairo and just inches below the record at New Madrid. On Wednesday, Moore, the Mississippi County sheriff, ordered a mandatory evacuation of the floodway. State officials said about 200 people live in 90 homes scattered along the bottomland.
The statewide legislative redistricting approved on Sunday will move the township from the 15th district into the Republican-leaning 16th, which will be dominated by Somerset County. Rather than try to introduce himself to a new constituency, Gusciora plans to look for a home in Trenton, which will remain in the 15th.
But because the FBI definition was out of sync with how police see the crime occur, crime statistics didn't add up. City, county and other law enforcement all feed their data into the FBI's Uniform Crime Reports.
597,499: Number of AIDS deaths through 2007, all ages.
I'm pretty sure I experienced some baby blues after my son was born. He arrived in November, which meant cold and flu season, so I didn't get out much. Since I had a C-section, I wasn’t able to drive for a while either. I remember being so excited to go to baby’s doctor’s appointments early on, because that meant a car ride and glimpse at the real world outside my baby bubble.
Because St. Louis has relatively few market-ready companies, and more startups that need years of nurturing, the financial pinch has hurt us more than other places.
In case you haven’t heard: In 1983, Mitt Romney and his family went on vacation. Romney determined that having five sons, two parents and lots of luggage in one car was enough, and decided to strap a dog carrier on the roof with the family Irish Setter, Seamus, housed inside. The plan went awry when Seamus relieved himself and Romney had to hose down the car at a truck stop.
But we stayed close by because, even though it's in the middle of a city of more than 800,000 people, the neighborhood feels like a community. I shop there, I bank there, I support the small businesses and restaurants that serve the area.
Most would say that it involves space, or a focus on technology, or aliens. There may be a little bit of all of these things. Fantasy is a little bit easier to sum up. The word is 'magic' of course. What if we have aliens, space, intergalactic battles, crazy technology? That's science-fiction. Now take all of those clearly sci-fi elements and add magic. What do we have now? In terms of a genre I don't know, but if you are looking for a title, I can answer "Saga."
Other negotiating team resignations include Denise Arizzi, the union’s vice president representing the middle school; Tina Dare, the high school vice president; recording secretary Beverly Cunliffe; and David Harrington, who represents the custodial staff.
Fall continues to march to a boy-meets-girl beat with the fourth day of shows.
--Best saving story: Bought her first house right after high school. She lived there while going to college.
The nine-scene play begins with three people in a 21st-century walking tour group who go through a time change at the Willamette River and meet Daniel Boone's great-grandson Jesse Boone; Charles Wilson (Wilsonville); and George Law Curry, the first provincial governor of Oregon, who lived in historic Wilsonville.
VANDALISM, BRECKSVILLE: Someone on April 20 used spray paint on heavy-equipment vehicles to write vulgar messages. The vandal also cut some wires.
Knowing that Shadid lost his life shortly before this book was published makes each piece of tile he polished, each plant he nurtured, feel all the more significant. It also raises the question: Who will watch the house now that this exceptional man is gone?
Champion, 26, a drum major with FAMU's famous marching band, died in November after being beaten aboard a charter bus following the annual Florida Classic football game in Orlando.
Every one of the 45 or so seats is full. There's a slight hint of smoke in the air, thanks to the huge wood-fired oven in the middle of the narrow dining room. Music is playing, but the din is noticeably muted.
Dennis Kucinich* (D) 29,759
With an increase in medical devices, the agency's process has become bogged on the Washington side, members of Congress and business folks say.
What it goes with: Roast duck or pork, grilled chops, braised dishes
Suleman is said to be running out of money very quickly.
"I certainly gave my heart and soul to this team this year," Dawson said after the season. "I feel pretty good about how I kicked the ball. I really missed one kick all year. I feel pretty good about that. I'll let it all sink in and make that decision when the time comes."
Attorney Susan Green, who is representing the younger defendant, 22-year-old Avi, would not say at the end of Tuesday's proceedings whether the defense would call witnesses. The defense already called one witness last week, between prosecution witnesses.
Mitchell said there’s no telling what OSU might do now that the Beavers “have a taste’’ of what a victorious locker room feels like.
RE: Is it a concern to you that you wrote a story …
I'd be amazed if the Hollywood studios went along with it, given their concern about cellphones' video capabilities. I also think that adding the tap-tap-tapping of fingers on phone keyboards to a movie soundtrack is nutty at a time when movie fans are increasingly doing their watching at home.
"A mother's worst nightmare is to have to have to bury their son," Lutke said. "I have to thank the prosecutor's office for helping me in those first horrible, dark days."
Whoa. Kelly, what is MillerCoors' response?
The work to be done under the permit issued Wednesday calls for preparing for new restrooms at the field level near the Widmer concessions area; installing new urinals and other plumbing in the men's rooms on the concourse; relocating an electrical transformer; preparing for foundation work, including removing the eastern portion of the turf and the outfield wall and signs; and preparing for changes to the south access road.
. Shell Foeckler of Superior
Later: "And thus did the rivers confluence: this one brown, this green, and unto that place a Forest Parkway, with Goodwill near the intersection of Arsenal & Kingshighway."
When: 10 a.m.-5:30 p.m. Saturday, March 31.
He said Monday's announcement sits well with the young man. "He's glad it's over," Unsell said. "I don't know if he'll ever be happy the rest of his life. Certainly, this is a significant step towards closure."
The discipline is so new that "some people would say it hasn't started yet," jokes Randolph M. Nesse, a professor of psychiatry at the University of Michigan, and one of its pioneers. No one paradigm has won universal acceptance. Evolution-based therapies rely on an eclectic mix of techniques, and their effectiveness is still being tested.
Local trash hauler CR&R waived the $400 fee and donated four trash bins for the day. A doughnut shop donated four dozen doughnuts for breakfast. Home Depot and Ganahl Lumber each donated $50 for tools and supplies, and St. Paul's Episcopal Church offered lunch and labor.
Students will learn about water and wastewater treatment processes, hydrology, water supply, environmental toxicology and take other electives.
"I've had a couple of strokes, but refuse to give up!" he wrote.
MetroHealth's Needlman explains this, saying that adults who are loving and nurturing give kids confidence and the desire to better take care of themselves. "The science is exciting but there is no magic," Needlman said. The knowledge of how important it is to provide a safe and caring environment for young children has been building over the past several decades.
Brammertz had asked to try Mladic first for his alleged involvement in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre and later for other Serb atrocities committed throughout the 1992-95 Bosnian War.
"You can feel the spirit of the church," she said.
The way Jobs saw it before he died five months ago, technology is in the early stages of a phase that will de-emphasize the importance of personal computers running on Microsoft's software. Instead, people will rely on sleek, highly portable devices that traverse high-speed Internet connections to fetch content and other files stored in far-flung data centers.
Williams was the county's top nonelected official as county administrator between 1993 and 1995, after serving as Cleveland law director under then-Mayor Michael R. White. He later headed the Greater Cleveland Roundtable. When the group merged into the Greater Cleveland Partnership, the regional chamber of commerce, he became its senior vice president.
Chinese officials on Monday were still trying to piece together how Chen, who's been blind since childhood, managed to evade multiple rings of security and make it to Beijing and what role, if any, U.S. officials had in the chain of events. The United States hasn't acknowledged that Chen is at its embassy, and China has declined to confirm or deny the reports.
"Life should be appreciated all the time," Bell said, "and that reminder always needs retelling."
Benchmark U.S. crude rose by $1.76 to $107.11 per barrel in New York. Earlier, prices jumped by $2.95 per barrel in 13 minutes to $108.25, the highest price for benchmark crude since March 2. Brent crude, which is used to price oil imported by U.S. refineries, rose by $1.81 to $124.95 in London.
A student faces misdemeanor charges for using a classmate's email account to send Burlingame High School administrators a bomb threat that sparked a campus lockdown, a prosecutor said Tuesday.
"This is a similar situation," Crawford said of his start in Portland. "Joe pulled me aside and said 'Man, forget that. You gotta be the player you have been. We can't have you just trying to fit in and tiptoe around. We need you to be the guy you have been; that's why we brought you here."
Penn State and UMass have never met in football. The Minutemen are making the transition from the Football Championship Subdivision to the Football Bowl Subdivision. They will join the Mid-American Conference this fall.
That estimate represents the amount of one-time money -- such as federal stimulus dollars -- used to balance the current two-year state budget of $50.5 billion. Lawmakers can't count on that money being there next time around.
Evan Thomas momentarily halted the run with 7:46 to play but Nick DiBernardo (Towson, Md./Calvert Hall) responded 26 seconds later and Duke finished from Rickels with 4:35 on the clock for an 8-2 halftime lead.
Shortening or lengthening shifts would improve accountability by having better communication between commanders and patrol officers, save tax money and eliminate some scheduling problems, Seibert says. Seibert said a recent study of the police department showed the city is wasting an estimated $475,000 a year by requiring shift overlays (having extra coverage between shifts).
The Giants are a team of routine and superstition, with a travel code that specifies no white socks, Eli Manning seated next to Chris Snee in first class on the team charter and provisions for long snapper Zak DeOssie to make his Oreo milkshakes the night before games.
OK.
Both players have team options for next season, and it is unknown if the Blazers will exercise them.
JOCKEY: Colm O’Donoghue
At 21, Hendrix was past the legal age of informed consent, 18. That doesn't mean much, though, in the process of vetting potential donor candidates.
Stone Energy's application has already generated more than 1,700 written comments to the DRBC. The company, which paid a $70,000 penalty for drilling the Matoushek well without DRBC approval in 2008, has already received a permit from the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection.
He jumped on Sept. 22.
and surround him with your protection and lovingkindness.
Jefferson Park
A major renewal of the State Capitol belongs at the top of the next bonding agenda. The 2012 bill includes only a $44 million downpayment on the long-overdue renewal of Cass Gilbert's 1905 masterpiece. That amount might be enough to stabilize the crumbling Georgia marble dome. But it won't begin to tackle the renewal of the building's deteriorating structural systems and interior.
It will be Luck.
Just to be on the safe side, apparently, Monroe tells Nick, "If she goes for my throat -- shoot her."
The Lancers and Vikings went toe-to-toe early in Game 1. Lafayette led 11-10 before going on an 8-1 run to take control. Stephanie Campbell and Johnson led the way during the streak.
The signatures to fight the health care mandate were submitted one week after another group, We Are Ohio, turned in nearly 1.3 million petition signatures to put on the ballot a proposed repeal of Senate Bill 5, the state’s new collective bargaining law that weakens workers’ negotiating power.
The UAB suggested financing the water line replacements with revenue bonds, but were split on how to raise funds to replace the reservoir.
Deputies have identified Jeffrey Thomas Sprenger, 22, a white man, as one of the three suspects and are searching for him. The other suspects are described as black males, age 18-22. The sheriff's office said one was described as 6 feet tall, 170 pounds, wearing a black fleece jacket and jean shorts. The other was around 5', 8", 150 to 160 pounds, wearing a dark colored hoodie sweatshirt and blue jeans.
14500 Murray Scholls Drive #103, Beaverton; 503-590-6030
Scholastic: 344 pp., $17.99, ages 10 and older
For the longest freshness, the California Strawberry Commission recommends waiting to wash them until they are about to be used. They hold best refrigerated in the store's plastic clamshell or a container with dry paper towel at the bottom. Single layers of berries between paper towels maximizes freshness. A gentle spray of cool water cleans the berries, which are most flavorful at room temperature.
"Hello? Are you still there? Hello? Dag-burned cell phone!" Click.
Whole wheat roll
And there have been plenty of great ones, and great moments. Halle Berry's weepy speech in 2002. Paul Sorvino in the audience sobbing like a baby when his own baby, Mira, read hers in 1996. Jack Palance breaking for some one-armed pushups during his, in 1992.
Boushehry appreciates the honesty and often tells children they are courageous to be so honest. Given all the other hurdles he faces in this case, it's one of his few assets in trying to help this girl.
From 1973 to the present, the New York singer-songwriter has produced enough hit singles to fill three separate greatest-hits albums - a feat that ranks him among the rock era's most productive and popular songwriters.
The Jets had rebounded from a three-game losing streak to a three-way tie atop the division after last week’s win in Buffalo. But the euphoria of that day became disappointment tonight, as the Patriots snapped their own losing streak and the Jets’ luck ran out.
øBut wait. Don't assume that by running out and buying the stocks listed above you can expect to get the same kinds of stellar returns to continue. In fact, if last year is any guide, the odds are that chasing the best stocks will be the recipe for disaster.
“Although the defendant stated that she did not know how or why the girls were hypothermic, she said (she) checked in on the girls prior to leaving for work on the morning of February 2, and that the girls were sleeping and wearing clothing in the room where the window was found open,” officers wrote. “The defendant said nothing about the girls’ window being open or closed.”
Arrangements weren't final last week, but as condolences came in from all over the world, Michele Grubb thought there would be a gathering at the Hampton Classic to toast her ex-husband and share stories about him.
The federal law requires that exchanges be government agencies or nonprofits established by states. Regulators said Monday that an exchange's governing board can't have a majority representing the health-insurance industry or brokers. Exchanges are required to create websites that let consumers browse for and buy plans, and also offer phone and in-person options.
"I don't blame them," he said. "I blame the business. And I blame the city. Because they put too many cabs on the street."
The guitarist demonstrates the sustain of his Les Paul without even playing a note. When he's told by an interviewer that he can't hear any sound, Tufnel replies, "You would, though, if it were playing."
The Nasdaq composite index fell 55.25, or 2.2 percent, to 2,491.58
Handt and Hoskens have seen many of the region's typical tourist destinations. They spent time in St. Louis visiting the Gateway Arch, art and history museums. Handt sat in on a City Council meeting last week and met some of Waterloo's officials. Hoskens' host-brother Mitch Boehm was hoping to take him to Hooters.
But because Rodrock Homes measures success in terms of customer satisfaction, the company is offering its customers the option of another nearby neighborhood in which to build the home of their dreams.
The project was terminated in October 2010 by Gov. Chris Christie, fulfilling predictions by critics that he would divert the tunnel money to prop up the state’s nearly bankrupt Transportation Trust Fund for road and bridge repairs and transit projects and avoid the need to raise the state’s relatively low gas tax.
It’s nothing new. At this point, the Giants’ defense is accustomed to the challenge. During the regular season, they opposed five of the league’s top nine passing offenses on seven occasions, including the league’s three most prolific attacks: New Orleans, New England and Green Bay, and Dallas and Philadelphia twice each.
"I guess you'd say we've taken something of a historic liberty in re-dating it to a much more plausible time and place," Cornelius said of the hat. But that contradicts the Weller affidavit - which had never been made public until a Chicago Sun-Times reporter asked to see it.
"I've been second, and there's only one place up from that," he said. "I want to do what I've been training, hit the quads out there. I've got two great programs, and I think I'm more than capable."
Anthony S. D'Anna, who was the youngest of the seven brothers, went to work as a grocery and produce clerk for his brothers in 1949. He was elected to the board in 1953 and was made a partner two years later.
The lineup also features concert rock violinist Aaron Meyer on July 31, modern country tunes by Cloverdayle on Aug. 7, and Latin and salsa music by Conjunto Alegre on
Of course, this is a new year and Sellers said there are some question marks.
øBut the main reason to invest in emerging markets over the long term is that in many emerging markets countries, more people are moving into the middle class, meaning they have more money to spend on consumer goods, such as toothpaste. Colgate of India, for example, says toothpaste sales grew 13% in 2011, despite the difficult economic conditions.
Theater: 7.8 percent jobless, $26,000
The McMichael verdict represented the first defeat for federal prosecutors, who have won guilty pleas or convictions from more than 50 elected officials, government workers and contractors in Cuyahoga County over the past three years.
While the musical or comedy categories at the Globes offer recognition for lighter films amid Hollywood's sober-minded awards season, the winners usually are not serious contenders for the Oscars. The last time the winner for best musical or comedy at the Globes went on to claim best-picture at the Oscars was nine years ago with "Chicago."
What makes it the "World's Largest?"
Nolasco p
By 2015, the proposed cuts and refinancing of the city's debt is expected to put Detroit on track to post a $347-million surplus, the city's chief operating officer, Chris Brown, said during the budget presentation.
"Most of the writing out comes in random matches, with people you don’t know," he wrote, adding that the vast majority of matches are between friends.
"I'm really good at math, so I thought I'd join," she said. "The best part is experimenting when you work and see if something works."
In a separate accord with the Federal Reserve, Bank of America agreed to take steps to strengthen its board's oversight of compliance with proper procedures in bidding for investment business.
Asked if he was sorry he came, Vanderbeek said, "Right now, I have to be."
A number of SEALs now are reportedly slamming Obama for using them as “ammunition” for his re-election bid.
But before Faith Arts Village can take in any artists, the building must be brought up to code by installing fire-sprinkler systems, fire alarms and new plumbing.
"I'm sure teams are looking at the video (of previous games) and thinking if they get one (goal), it may be easier to get another one," midfielder Jeremy Hall said. "I'm sure teams are talking this and that. But we're not panicking. We know we're a strong team and we're still getting things together."
"Garbology" completes a trilogy of environmental books that began with the ecological heroes of "Eco Barons," followed by the business sustainability revolution chronicled in "Force of Nature."
"My father was much more than a cartoonist," said his son, Phil Jr. "He was a son, a father, a grandfather, a friend, a teacher, an artist, a historian, an explorer, a mechanic, an author, a poet and a great man. He lived three lifetimes in one."
The bank sued after Arcade LLC, the property's Chicago-based owner, defaulted on a $33.3 million mortgage. According to court records, Arcade LLC owes $14.3 million on that loan, plus interest and fees. An attorney representing Arcade LLC did not respond to a request for comment.
We were taking her to get a specially built-up shoe to compensate for one of her legs being shorter than the other since she broke her hip. The outing is somewhat complex.
SPENDING WARMS UP...
Kirk won President Barack Obama's former Senate seat in 2010 by presenting himself as part of a new generation of vibrant Republican leaders.
The garden fits perfectly with the Boys and Girls Clubs' mission.
Aspirin. Name brands include Bayer, Excedrin
The organization's Washington law firm sent a 14-page letter to Minnesota challenging its disclosure requirements ahead of a November 2012 fight over a ballot measure to define marriage as being between a man and woman, similar to California's Proposition 8 in 2008.
Ecker said the personal commitment of teachers also is a big factor.
The report noted systemic abuses of the federal free lunch program at one West Side high school where school and even district employees had enrolled their children to receive free or reduced lunches despite earning six-figure salaries.
I started Behind the Locker Room Door two seasons ago in an effort to bring readers closer to the Trail Blazers. My hope is to let you see the team as I do, through my eyes, through my interactions with them.
According to Florida resident Turley, in a 2002 interview with "Baseball Digest" he said, "To the manager, I was just another body. Then one day, one of the DeWitts (Bill DeWitt, Sr.), who owned the Browns, called and asked why I wasn't pitching.
Smith is on the kind of roll that, if it continues in the postseason, translates into wins. On April 3, he set an NHL record for saves in a shutout, stopping 54 in a game against Columbus. That was the third of three straight shutouts as he went 234 minutes, 25 seconds without allowing a goal, the seventh longest scoreless run among modern-day goalies. That streak was snapped in the team's win over the Blues and he allowed one goal in the season-finale against Minnesota, meaning he allowed just two goals in the final five games of the season. Prior to this season, the 30-year-old Smith had never played more than 42 games in a season. This season, in 67 games, he had a 2.21 goals-against average.
"I feel like we're not setting the neighborhood up for complete success," Marta McGuire said.
5. PRIZE DESCRIPTION. There will be four (4) runner's up winners who will recieve two (2) tickets to the Weird Al Yankovic show May 8, 2012 at Akron Civic Theatre. There will be one (1) grand prize winner who will recieve two (2) tickets to the Weird Al Yankovic show May 8, 2012 at Akron Civic Theatre, a copy of his latest album ALPOCALYPSE (CD), a copy of "WEIRD AL" YANKOVIC: THE ALPOCALYPSE TOUR (Live Concert DVD), and a copy of WHEN I GROW UP (NY Times Bestselling Children's Book). The approximate retail value of the prizes:
But Assembly Human Services Committee Chairwoman Valerie Vainieri Huttle (D-Bergen) said she would not allow Gov. Chris Christie to just “disregard the law."
That's evident in the considerable preparation by Haith and his staff with video and game-planning, and it's visible in such simple ways as using the same lineup all season and not impulsively yanking players over a mistake, at least not routinely.
Town Manager Jim Bacon said the improved revenue comes from increases in regular fees and taxes -- such as permits and hotel bed-tax receipts -- as well as a 2.5 percent temporary sales tax approved by the Town Council in May 2011. It became effective Aug. 1.
Correction: In my last column, I identified the San Francisco SPCA's veterinary hospital as being for-profit. It is a non-profit hospital. I regret the error.
As a 12-year-old, she stood on her porch and watched a Japanese pilot strafe the house from so close that she saw his eyes and can still remember his smirk.
The Kitzhaber campaign issued a news release Tuesday charging that Dudley has "proposed rolling back Oregon's minimum wage." The state Democratic Party has made similar charges.
A: For wrestling, we're supposed to be in good shape all the time, be very strong, have good cardio. So all my exercises are cardio and lifting weights, and I have to be flexible. I stretch a lot. I have a lifetime in athletics so this is normal.
But the city taxpayer would save even more if the officer had to work five years longer, if he had to contribute more to his own pension or if the pension didn’t include goodies like overtime, which drive up costs. Over time, the savings from such would be hundreds of millions, even billions, each year.
Well, it's not that difficult anymore.
Cavalry's primary gun operation involved creating a polymer mold of a part for the AR-15 semiautomatic rifle. The "lower receiver," the piece between the barrel and the stock, contains the firing mechanism. It is defined by the government as a firearm. The receivers were sold to the public and to other manufacturers for commercial and law-enforcement use.
Bx19: Detoured at Riverbank State Park.
Meeks, 63, ran a maintenance company before he retired last year and decided he'd sell hot dogs.
"I don't know how it happens because they are a good hitting team," said Masterson. "But they're nice enough to not hit when I face them and I appreciate it."
SPRINGFIELD, Mo. -- Greene County, Missouri gets a passing grade on air quality in a new study from the American Lung Association. The group studied air quality statistics nationwide. Greene County received a grade of "B" in ozone as well as a grade of "B" in particle pollution.
The planned trans-Hudson commuter rail tunnel will boost home values by thousands of dollars and help hold down property tax rates in areas where commuting times will be cut, according to a report released today by a regional planning group.
“We’re trying to keep running him back out there, keep trying to get him through some stuff and he just couldn’t get it going today,” Gonzalez said. “Couldn’t get his breaking pitches over.”
Enjoy the communal showers, Sen. Piggy. You deserve every minute in prison.
Derek Miller's guitars may not be as abrasive as on those early singles, and Alexis Krauss' cute pop vocals have gotten both cuter and poppier. But "Comeback Kid" is still unmistakeably Sleigh Bells. And for any new artists to have a sound that instantly identifiable can only be a good thing. Plus, Krauss nails the wistful girl-group charm it takes to sell a line as vulnerable as "You'll go away but you'll come back someday."
Harbach's editor, Little, Brown chief Michael Pietsch, acknowledges that "The Art of Fielding" was "one of the hardest kind of books to launch, because when you describe it it sounds like something totally unsurprising — a baseball novel about falling in love."
Q: Can Europe's leaders solve this mess?
* One of two launch sequences where they encounter Darth Vader or a stormtrooper
Hart offered another scenario: Imagine the candidate at an airline ticket counter, badly needing to catch a flight. Five people are in line ahead of him, and only one ticket remains. What would the candidate do?
"You'd have fewer healthy people and more unhealthy people in the insurance pool," said Timothy Jost, a professor of law at Washington and Lee University. "Health insurance will become more expensive."
Ubaldo Jimenez, COL -- 6-0, 0.87 ERA, 1.02 WHIP, 9.58 K/9
Even before Obama spoke, the path toward getting an immigration bill through Congress was uncertain and it remained so afterward.
The rivalry is renewed once again as the Timbers visit Qwest Field for the first meeting of the season. Follow along as we track Saturday night's game:
After leaving the Oval Office, McCain used the social networking site Twitter to call for Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to step down.
"He was educated, he was experienced, and after 20 years, he knew better," she remarked.
But the move also raised question of whether Obama has heightened expectations that he will do more to further the cause of gay marriage -- campaigning for it in states, such as Maryland, which is holding a referendum this fall, or pushing federal legislation.
Reviewed by Harlem, 10
Saturday: at St. Louis, 5:30 p.m.
The sound has plagued Windsor residents on and off for two years.
the area rankings since the start of the season. This is a veteran squad that paid its dues in 2009 and 2010. Key players include Pat Conroy and Scott Ladi in the back, Louie Berra (17 goals, 13 assists) and Brian Hail (5 goals, 11 assists) in the midfield and Prince Kabadeh (21 goals, 4 assists) up top. ... The Titans had to work overtime, literally, to win districts, knocking off No. 10 Lee's Summit 1-0 and defending state champion Rockhurst 2-1 in extra time. West also had to go to OT to get past No. 9 Lee's Summit North in a 2-1 sectional victory. The Titans' Brad Clements is an all-stater in soccer and football; after playing DeSmet, he will hurry to Staley to kick in the Class 5 football semifinals at
Other feel-full tricks include adding milk to green tea because “it tastes like melted green-tea ice cream,” Daspin writes. Dilute alcoholic drinks with water, seltzer or ice and load up on healthy, filling grains like quinoa, spelt, Kamut and rye. Eat what your body craves whenever it craves it, and if that means ground beef and peas at 7:30 a.m. or granola at 10 p.m., so be it.
"We have a lot more quickness and speed (than last year)," Whitehead said. "We try not to do anything spectacular. We try to be fundamentally sound and put the ball in play."
At least some people saw the crash developing. Another Liberty Tours helicopter pilot on the ground at the heliport saw the plane approaching the helicopter and tried to radio an alert to the pilots, New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said. The warning either wasn't heard, or didn't happen in time.
"One coffee table can act as a blockade," she says.
Meanwhile, the Hour of Power program, which once reached millions of viewers across the world, will replay previous episodes for the next few weeks while leaders “determine a new direction for the show.”
They opposed the new city charter, drawn up in 2011, saying it, too, was a Lansing power grab -- but the charter passed.
After M's abortion, I started to clip anti-abortion messages and put them in her locker. I joined the debate team that was debating Roe v. Wade and became a right-winged activist. I felt so strongly that what had happened was "wrong" that I never stopped to think of what that experience had felt like to M. It became about me, my emotion and my family (much like it is for most adolescents), and I was relentless.
But Nerinx Hall coach Brian Haddock made sure that did not happen.
5. 14-year-old skateboarder seriously injured by SUV in Glendale - A 14-year-old boy was seriously injured after being struck by an SUV while crossing a street in Glendale on Oct. 13.
"The fun for me is winning the game," Furcal said. "When you don't hit, you need to play good defense. Today I saw the ball a little better and had a couple hits."
"It's such a good line, it's always in my head," Anderson says. "I read it wrong, though. I always thought it meant I bet my money on this horse and somebody else bet on the winning horse, so I lost. It's actually more like, ‘I'll bet on this one and you bet on the other one, in order to make it more exciting!' I, of course, assumed it was this regretful loser song."
"When you buy things on a credit card they cost more."
According to the report, Irvine reported a total of 129 violent crimes in 2008 - about 62 violent crimes per 100,000 residents. Orange registered the second-lowest crime per capita among the county’s large cities with 163 per 100,000.
In the stadium's Hall of Fame, which has yet to be finalized, York envisions a section designed to teach fans how the facility's green components work and about sustainable design in general.
Nine other states have already banned cellphone use by drivers, as has the city of Chicago and some other municipalities.
One of the winning reporters, John Sullivan, who has since left the paper for Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism, was back Monday to celebrate with colleagues.
Part of the problem, ACE Academy teacher Marjan Rotting said, was the drawings they were initially working from were not the updated versions.
If approved by voters, the amendment will prohibit government or school officials from adopting policies to prevent prayer in public places, as long as the prayer does not result in disturbance of the peace or disruption of a public meeting or assembly.
8. Luck is expected to wear jersey No. 12 with the Colts, the same number he wore at Stratford and Stanford. Harbaugh wore No. 12 with the Colts in 1994 before switching to No. 4.
Cascade missed all of this.
Obtained at the Pet Rescue of Mercer five years ago, the playful animal has a bed in almost every room and a plastic kiddy pool in the yard.
EMI now has "the ability to invest in and grow its business," said Stephen Volk, the Citigroup vice chairman who will become the chairman of EMI's holding company, Maltby Acquisitions Ltd., in a statement. "This is a positive development for EMI, its employees, artists, songwriters and suppliers."
To reflect the sensibility shift, 102 rooms were whittled down to 64 "cabana suites," small spaces shoehorned along three brightly illuminated corridors. Although too tiny for a family stay, the smoke-free cabana suites sport marble bathrooms and iPod docking systems, with chrome accents and bright South Beach color schemes providing a couple or a single a stylish, sensory-driven experience. (Downsides included no dresser, noise from the small in-room fridge and more than a bit of noise from first-floor rooms facing the street.)
In lectures past, she's explained the differences between "fashion" and "Fashion" with a capital "F." The only real difference is perception.
Contreras is accused of motor vehicle homicide, driving without a license and a battery of other offenses, all linked to the Nov. 23 crash that led to Coxall’s death.
The local precinct leaders will meet April 11 to formally select nominees. Each candidate will have five minutes to speak, and then precinct committee officers will hold a series of votes to pick their top three candidates.
The decisive move by Thomas paid off as he gained the lead.
The game was the season finale for both teams, and the last game for Seattle as an independent. The Redhawks will join the Western Athletic Conference next season.
"We anticipate we're going to have at least several of those kids come forward and say 'This never happened. This is me. This is the allegation. It never occurred,'" Amendola said on the NBC broadcast.
"You want to win this thing?" the Wings seemed to say to the Leafs. "Do it under your flag. Do it in your building." Whack, whack, whack -- three goals for, no goals against. Pack the bags. Get out the passports.
An ambulance was called to the area. The man's condition wasn't immediately available, but police expected him to survive.
"We were able to take a world-class platform to start with, get it over to our designers and engineers to tune that specifically for North America," Cox said. "That saved us a considerable amount of time and money."
The Guzmans — who live two doors down — said they had a sewer incident in late October, 2006, just two months before the David’s.
A) Brilliant old-world artistry
Still, Nadler agreed that there was much worth remembering in the Yiddish culture of prewar Europe. And that is what is drawing students to the Helix program — that and the fact that they get a two-week trip to Europe on someone else's dime.
Some analysts say Kim Jong Eun's youth, inexperience and lack of public exposure raise questions about whether he can, or even will, run the country.
“Today’s teaching environment has so many protectors in place that were not around 100 years ago,” Yaple explained, referring to the current tenure system as antiquated. The new system, when put in place, will be based on merit. Despite the improvements the program may have on the current system, the NJBSA is still reviewing the proposal.
Opening doors? It's true that funds saved or restored to libraries may mean deeper, sometimes very painful cuts in other parts of city and county budgets.
Rochester started the second half hot as well, making eight of
As long as you have one or two of 'em, count yourself lucky. It's more about quality than quantity.
Though Salahuddin, 61, and his co-defendant Sonnie Cooper were convicted of conspiracy, both men were acquitted of all other charges in their month-long federal corruption trial, including attempted conspiracy and bribery. The verdict rendered in U.S. District Court in Trenton Friday baffled defendants and attorneys alike.
Megaupload is considered a "cyberlocker," in which users can upload and transfer files that are too large to send by email. Such sites can have perfectly legitimate uses. But the Motion Picture Association of America, which has campaigned for a crackdown on piracy, estimated that the vast majority of content being shared on Megaupload was in violation of copyright laws.
33 S 87 ST $60,000
Another popular benefit is the distribution center's free on-site health clinic, which offers free prescriptions and is available to spouses and dependents. It's staffed by a doctor or nurse practitioner, athletic trainer and medical assistant.
WELLNESS
The team announced an agreement with Ramsey County that should cast commissioners Tony Bennett and Rafael Ortega as heroic for Vikings fans in the way Opat and three other "yes" voters were to those civilians who thought it was vital to keep Major League Baseball in Minnesota.
The Titanic's hull is insured for $5,000,000 against damage or loss during her sea trials, which are imminent. The sea trials will test the seaworthiness of the vessel and the performance of her engines and machinery. The policy is underwritten by a consortium of companies on both sides of the Atlantic.
Karr said he was shocked at how quickly the fund went from an idea to reality.
St. Louis, one time zone east, is, of course, an hour ahead.
The program gave Zimmermann information and props to take back to the classroom, which she said will make her a better science teacher.
Another neighbor, Alina Raisa,said she saw police remove two or three guns, apparently hunting rifles, from the home.
Here are their answers, as gathered by nursing home staff members:
Even as a soccer radio/TV analyst, he held to a simple standard: “See it, say it.”
The targeted hospitals include:
Bridget McCarthy said her group had begun walking away again when she turned around and saw Koschman on the ground - and Vanecko and Denham gone.
On defense, though, there continue to be third-pairing issues with Anton Volchenkov and Peter Harrold. Many NJ.com users are screaming for Harrold to be scratched in favor of rookie Adam Larsson.
"Those who are just passing through do not qualify," Rep. Brian Bilbray, R-Calif., declared on Fox News earlier this year. "The right of birthright citizenship is earned by your parents' obligation to serve the country."
MAUREEN F. MURPHY, 66, Kissimmee, died Monday. Grissom Funeral Home & Crematory, Kissimmee.
The evening closed with "Which Light in the Sky Is Us?" - a contemporary epic created for Company C by San Francisco's Gregory Dawson to a heavily sampled sound score by Ben Juodvalkis and Moses Sedler. Especially memorable among the interwoven ensembles, solos, duets and trios were Calvin Thomas Jr. and Van Ligon in a sinuous duet, and magnetic partnering by Freeston and Lindsay. Minimalist costumes - women in leotards and men in what were essentially Speedos - heightened the dancers' vulnerability and highlighted the company's evident strength.
Equal parts ecstatic and relieved, we couldn’t wait to gush to our family and friends that our long awaited engagement was taking strides toward becoming a real ‘’holy-crap-we’re-getting-married’’ wedding.
Santorum, barely noticed amid a large, colorful Republican field, eked out a surprising victory over his better-funded opponents after doggedly holding 385 town hall meetings across the state. Initially Romney was declared the winner — by just eight votes — and Santorum was relegated to second place. But a few weeks later, the Iowa GOP sheepishly acknowledged errors in the balloting and declared Santorum the winner by 34 votes.
My wife, Lietza, and I stayed at the Hotel Tjampuhan, an 82-year-old hotel with lineage to Bali's royal family, a short walk from the center of town. Moss-covered carved stones and jungle flowers cover the hotel's steep hillside, which drops off to the Tjampuhan River.
"I got to the point where I no longer felt I could keep kids safe because I didn't have the time," she said during a pause between calls.
Ross -- a Golden Globe and Tony awards winner and an Academy Award and Grammy award nominee -- will wow the crowd at the dinner, at which Centene's Michael Neidorff and Thelma Steward will be honored as Variety's Man and Woman of the Year.
Me Talk Pretty, Hawthorne Heights, Madina Lake, New Years Day, Something Heroic, 6 p.m. Feb. 6, $13-$15. Ticketmaster.
<U+FFFD>He was able to articulate a vision of an issue that is complex but that we have to deal with,<U+FFFD> Coleman said.
Stunned residents from Westminster to Boulder and upward into Longmont have said, in force, that they would fight for what they paid for. But they've also said they would do whatever is necessary to get rail where it has been promised.
When a friend of the BTO who had not received word of the meeting’s postponement showed up, Waks told that person the group could not meet because it didn’t provide proof of $1 million in liability insurance, according to Parks.
-- Wallace does lead the Blazers with 6 rebounds to go with 7 points (3-8) at the half.
He also floated an idea to lure Democratic senators back to the Capitol for negotiations and then have the Senate quickly pass the bill while they are in talks.
Nothing in the Brandenburg collection is more chipper than No. 4, which features solo violin and two recorders (sometimes flutes). Brault tossed off quick passages with intense bravura, and recorder players Francis Colpron and Kathie Stewart were delicate sorcerers whether flying or inhabiting lyrical spheres.
“This is a premature decision,” Marilyn Heiman, director of the U.S. Arctic program for the Pew Environment Group, said in an email to the Los Angeles Times.
Hughes, the former mayor of Hillsboro, said he has found Wu "on occasion to be pretty disengaged" and thinks it is time for the congressman to concentrate on his personal life.
8. The Wharf: This bar/restaurant is an edgy outpost on the water. In fact, it looks like it could have come out of a novel set in New Orleans or Memphis because the outside seating is contained in narrow spaces that make you feel as if you're on a dilapidated riverfront dive that could collapse any moment. Just be careful if you have small kids with you (or accident-prone friends). The two sets of steps leading to the boat docks have no railing and no gates. 2001 Pass-a-Grille Way, Pass-a-Grille
How much of the success can be attributed to captain Zach Parise?
Carlson added that questions about the health of the economy also contributed to the downturn. "People who can afford to buy (homes) in this economy have to feel confident that it is a good decision," he said.
Duncan started the fourth with the Tribe's fourth and final homer, a drive over the 19-foot wall in left field, for a 4-0 lead. The Indians added four more runs in the inning, finally knocking Davies out of the game on Asdrubal Cabrera's RBI double past first.
"The importance of natural gas to the state's economic situation cannot be overstated," said Reese, who said federal oversight would be "unnecessary and unreasonable." Wyoming was one of the first states to require companies using fracking chemicals to disclose the ingredients in those mixtures to state oil and gas regulators.
Civil rights activists have decried the new law as "racist," but Palin dismissed the attacks during an interview with Fox News' Sean Hannity.
Sierchio credited the newspaper for disclosing the firefighter’s job in North Carolina.
Best Boxed Or Special Limited Edition Package
Eco-friendly Adina World Beat Beverages offers juices made from recipes that have been passed down through the generations with infusions of jujube, hibiscus blossoms, ginger and lavender. Mojita and California Kiss are two refreshing, crisp flavors; all of the juices are faintly sweet, and not at all syrupy.
"Don't let anyone tell you this is about politics," Davitt told the jury, which is made up of five black women, five black men and two white men.
"We've taken the home tour every year since we moved here," Arlene Krause added. "We enjoy a lot of things at Sierra 2. We appreciate being able to help them."
Gonzalez-Stawinski's fun-loving personality -- his nickname is Gonzo -- is now the loose basis for the show's lead character, the good-natured, sarcastic surgeon Andy Yablonski, to be played by actor Alex O'Loughlin.
"I have to work on headers because I'm so short, but my vertical jump is pretty good," Keomanivane said. "I'm able to get low to the ground -- it's like, ‘You can't get by me.'"
“It’s so hard to sing at those services, but we know that the nurses and the families appreciate it,” Lunde said. “Now that more people have heard us, we’re getting more requests.”
The large, colorful posters advertising the foundation at 827 Frederick Road grab the attention of motorists and shoppers on Catonsville's Main Street as they pass the windows of what had been the AWOL A Way Of Life skateboard shop.
But the change goes deeper than the move to a new place. Listen to Bloom talk about the new theaters, and you could be listening to a man who has just been released from prison. He uses words like "liberating" and "freedom" often as he talks about the new space and his artistic plans for it.
So if you wanted to become a lawyer the way that Abraham Lincoln became a lawyer, you'd clerk for an attorney and read law, then perhaps take the bar exam, no college required.
Farentino also starred opposite Patty Duke in 1969's "Me, Natalie."
720 Creation Station is an arts incubator program that provides local artists access to affordable creative space. Members have 24 hour access to studio and exhibition space that is secure and conducive to immense creativity just minutes outside of NYC.
Enticing a qualified bidder proved far more time-consuming than casino advocates expected.
Swiss banking giant UBS AG said Monday it is revising its 44-page dress code telling its Swiss staff how to present themselves, which generated worldwide ridicule for its micromanagement of their dressing and dining habits.
Chanting "All day, all week, shut down Wall Street," more than 1,000 demonstrators gathered near the NYSE and staged sit-ins at several intersections. Helmeted police broke up some of the clusters, but most of the crowd re-assembled in Zuccotti Park, where the encampment that served as the unofficial headquarters of the Occupy movement was broken up by police earlier this week.
Stay tuned; Casablanca's cool is surely going to make its wine very, very hot.
E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co., founded in 1802, has been diversifying its business in recent years. Around 30 percent, or $9 billion, of 2010 sales were projected to come from products introduced in just the last four years.
Several economists said the Social Security increase should provide a modest boost in consumer spending next year. However, David Wyss, former chief economist at Standard & Poor's, noted that most analysts have already factored the COLA into their growth estimates for next year.
Its stories are instead populated by a transsexual prostitute, a narcoleptic monster-truck driver who backs over a squad car, Alzheimer's patients who get naughty and an assortment of dimwitted criminals.
"I hate this story," Johnjay says, as Blake explains his background.
Though the federation's leadership takes credit for helping to propel Ridley-Thomas ahead of Parks in the June election, its support has drawn criticism -- particularly from Molina, who was recently quoted in the Los Angeles Times accusing the unions of trying to buy a supervisorial seat.
BUSINESS NETWORK INTERNATIONAL: St. Peters chapter, 7-8:30 a.m. April 12, Grappa Grill, 1644 Country Club Plaza, St. Charles. For more information, call Allen Kircher at 636-724-2060.
Sullinger, 20, said making the Final Four helped finalize his decision, and that he's at peace with it now, just as he was last season when he decided to stay after his freshman season, believing he wasn't mature enough for the NBA. He believes this year's difficult regular season -- dealing with the refs, getting more double-teams -- helped better prepare him.
Louise Franke of Incline Village, Nev., whose father, William McCoy, hired Tittle to research and write the book, said the undertaking has made her ancestors real.
Yukking it up in the audience was U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, whose department's inexcusable failure to thoroughly investigate the latest forensic clues in the murder of four students and the wounding of nine others at Kent State University on May 4, 1970, falls flatter than even that presidential punch line.
USA Gymnastics, the sport's national governing body, placed Peters, 62, on the organization's permanently ineligible list and removed him from the sport's Hall of Fame on Wednesday after at least three women accused him of sexually abusing young gymnasts in the 1980s.
More importantly, the California High-Speed Rail Authority dramatically revamped its business plan, slashing as much as $30 billion from the price tag for building the San Francisco-to-Los Angeles system – from $98 billion to as little as $68 billion.
5659 Gatesworth Av, $18,500
Senior Natalie Polk said she never took to science until she entered Brock's ninth-grade biology class. She is now taking his Advanced Placement course and considering science as a career.
"I feel grateful for still being alive," she said. The opportunities of the last year "have been wonderful, but it was a high price to pay. And if I could go back, I would have rather just been flying and doing my job and not having gone through that, because I have to live with that for the rest of my life."
I know that describes many of you, because of the response to my columns last year about why the cool, rainy summer resulted in disappointing tomatoes for some gardeners. I plan to try growing tomatoes again -- this time in a community garden plot instead of containers -- so I dived into Estabrook's book as soon as it arrived on my desk.
Maybe not so easy.
Plain Dealer Ohio State beat writer Doug Lesmerises, columnist Bill Livingston and photographers John Kuntz and Marvin Fong will cover the Buckeyes and the Final Four.
Commissioner Don Brown also questioned the wisdom of asking voters in his northern Macomb County district to fund a museum when they are already stretched financially and might have limited interest in the museum.
for about eight years at Overland City Hall sued the municipality this week, alleging both that officials failed to warn employees about a mold problem and that the mold led to the death of his wife.
_ In Seattle, black-clad protesters used sticks to smash small downtown windows and ran through the streets disrupting traffic. Police have made at least eight arrests.
<U+0093>I think it's a challenge for all of us to look at the things they do technically and try to make sure we can adapt and adjust to it.<U+0094>
Maybe the biggest quandary this week was Baylor (8-3) and TCU (9-2) - which one should be higher? Baylor beat TCU in the opener, but that was a long time ago, and TCU has the better record plus the biggest win of the two (Boise State), even though Baylor is close, having beaten Oklahoma. Again, we'll find out more next week when Baylor plays Texas.
Joe Kimball <U+0095> 651-298-1553
The bigger news came right before Thanksgiving, when a few quotes by Pope Benedict XVI set off a global debate about the Catholic Church's stance on condoms.
Miller, who has a law degree from Lewis & Clark College, joined Adams' campaign as a volunteer in 2004 and eventually became campaign manager, helping Adams defeat Nick Fish. Adams named Miller his chief of staff, and Miller kept that role when Adams became mayor.
This is our modern world. Says a high-ranking police officer: “Russia and America, once equal forces, balanced each other on opposite sides of the world. Today’s threat is asymmetrical. It’ll never stop. We’re in this for the long haul.”
But since that hardly sounds appetizing, we've come up with something a little tastier to greet the return of "Mad Men" on AMC on Mar. 25.
What did you do last week when "The Amazing Race" wasn't on? Did you think of Big Brother Rachel’s green sequins? Or of Army Dave’s biceps? Or the cute way that Kentucky Mark pukes when he’s in the back seat of a car? Oh, it’s so nice to be back.
Apple also has gotten a boost from its brand names becoming synonymous with products. The iPod, which was the first digital music player when it came out in 2001, is still the name people use for "digital music player" or "MP3 player." And it appears Apple's iPad is headed down the same path.
U.S. District Judge Sara Lioi has yet to rule on the motion, which asks for a shorter prison term. Federal prosecutors rejected Carroll’s claims as groundless.
PORTLAND, Ore. -- Omri Casspi was having a miserable start to Tuesday's night game against Charlotte at The Q -- committing a turnover, air-balling a 3-point shot and missing the first of two free throws.
TRENTON -- New Jersey's unemployment rate remains at a 32-year high. However, state officials said job gains in July reversed a 17-month trend.
That's when the chestnut colt — sold for a paltry $11,000, ridden by a rookie jockey hardly anyone knew and stuck in an outside post — blazed past highly regarded Bodemeister to win by 1 1-2 lengths on Saturday, beating one of the deepest fields in years.
How’s this for ammunition: from the last day of the regular season to mid-January, Tennessee lost six assistant coaches. It impacted recruiting and stalled any semblance of momentum.
2006 Hey Mambo Swanky White California White Wine ($12)
She may want to consider patenting her method.
G Ed Roscigno, Holy Cross
First National Building
1984: Baltimore Metro opens.
The criminal complaint says Barna struck the passenger, identified in court documents as Krystopher R. Holloway. Federal Air Marshal Colby W. Swift was sitting behind the suspect, in Seat 4C, and his partner was in 3C.
"They are working jobs and raising families and expect us to do the right thing," he said.
During the Avs vs. Sabres game, the announcers kept referencing Peter Forsberg when Gabriel Landeskog made great moves. Other have connected Matt Duchene to his boyhood hero of Joe Sakic. Assuming these guys are truly the same caliber, with the recent trade deadline deals does that make Steve Downie the new Claude Lemieux?
A newer variety of columnar oak, the Regal Prince Oak, is an improvement over many older varieties of columnar oak, the commission said . This tree is a cross between Swamp White Oak and the Columnar English Oak. Regal Prince Oak has a stronger and fuller branching structure than other trees in this category, and the two-toned green leaves are said to contrast beautifully. Regal Prince is resistant to mildew and notable for excellent columnar form.
Chikhani, meanwhile, has been sequestered in a residential treatment program for weeks and his phone has been confiscated, his lawyer said. He must ask an administrator for Internet access, Dell said.
But Shell has made a strategic decision to re-introduce gas refining to the Midwest, Carlson said via email. His company would like to crack ethane closer to Northeastern manufacturers, he wrote. What's more, Shell believes enough natural gas lies buried in the Appalachian rock to feed a number of processing facilities.
It takes 1,144 delegates to cinch the Republican nomination. The Republican Party allocates each state a certain number of delegates based not only on population, but also on each state’s history of supporting Republican presidential candidates and the Republican representation of its congressional delegation, statehouse delegation and governor’s office.
Former Michigan defensive tackle Mike Martin has spent years preparing to maximize his football potential.
The concerto was written for McDuffie, and Glass gave him a lot of interesting things to play. Vivaldi's harpsichord was switched out for a synthesizer - programmed to sound harpsichord-like - and the orchestra switched gears to minimalism.
They blatantly tried to backdoor Judge Walton's specific orders, got caught in the act and ended up looking quite foolish. They blew months of hard work, wasted stacks of evidence and essentially failed to even get the bat off their shoulders to take a swing.
5. Norris Cole, Miami, G
Although final results were still pending in several close races, it appeared Republicans would take back nearly a dozen seats from Democrats, giving them 57 or more seats in the 99-member chamber.
"It's really disappointing, because the amount of women who need breast cancer treatment hasn't dropped off," said Jenny Teel-Wolter, community relations manager. She said the company would step up efforts to increase registration.
Chrysler also is about to launch the new Dodge Dart, its first decent compact car since the bug-eyed Neon in the mid-1990s, and a refreshed version of the Ram pickup, its top-selling vehicle, is coming later in the year. Marchionne said the Dart takes Chrysler into a market where it hasn't had a presence in a long time.
There's trouble if the band tries to skip its signature song, however. "The audience won't let us get away with that," said Como. "They want 'Stars.' "
One of my favorites was the garden with the shocking pink Adirondack chairs. This combination surely took some careful consideration, for hanging high overhead were blooming crepe myrtles of the same color. And on the small matching wood table between the chairs, there was a potted geranium bringing out the same iridescent pink.
Goodell said the NFL will be working to resolve differences it has with other major cable operators that don't carry the network -- including Time Warner Cable Inc., Cablevision Systems Corp. and Charter Communications Inc.
Like Don McLeroy, Leno evidently sees the history curriculum as a way to air a grievance and settle a score. The result, ironically, is a history sanitized, distorted, and tortured into political correctness.
The MGM Grand Garden Arena is home to concerts, championship boxing and premier sporting and special events. The Arena offers comfortable seating for as many as 16,800 with excellent sightlines and state-of-the-art acoustics, lighting and sound. Prominent events to date have included world championship fights between Evander Holyfield and Mike Tyson as well as Oscar de la Hoya vs. Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao vs. Juan Manuel Marquez; and concerts by The Rolling Stones, Madonna, Elton John, Bruce Springsteen, Paul McCartney, Bette Midler, George Strait, Janet Jackson, Phil Collins, Billy Joel, U2, Lady Gaga, Sting, Coldplay, Alicia Keys, Jimmy Buffett and the Barbra Streisand Millennium Concert. The MGM Grand Garden Arena also is home to the annual Academy of Country Music Awards and the Frozen Fury NHL pre-season game which features the Los Angeles Kings vs. Colorado Avalanche.
Warm-water action, particularly for bass, is good at most Front Range waters. Water temperatures are mostly in the mid-50s. Chatfield, Bear Creek and Boyd report decent action using plastics, such as worms, lizards and tubes. Good options for trout include Evergreen, Lon Hagler, Pinewood and South Park waters. Many are using dough baits, but spinners also produce for shore fishers. If there is surface action, dig out the fly and bubble. The Clear Creek, South Platte, Big Thompson and Poudre rivers remain low and fly-fishers have been doing well; stoneflies and attractor patterns are a good bet.
Ryon's mother, Starr Lohman, admitted in court earlier today that she stood idly by while her boyfriend struck Ryon 15 to 30 times.
With free agency set to begin on March 13, there have been a lot of questions about where the Ravens sit with the salary cap. That cap hasn’t been officially set, though it’s expected to be similar to last year’s number. Either way, all indications are that the Ravens are in decent shape with the cap, certainly in better position than they have been the past couple of offseasons. That doesn’t mean that the Ravens have the room to go on a free-agent shopping spree, because that won’t happen. That doesn’t fit with their organizational philosophy anyway. But it does mean that they should be able to keep a couple of their higher-priority free agents (Ben Grubbs will probably price out of their range) while also filling one or two needs with outside free agents. And they should get a little more flexibility by either releasing or restructuring the contracts of cornerbacks Chris Carr and Domonique Foxworth, and wide receiver Lee Evans.
YOU SHOULD KNOW:
Until Kroenke agrees to an extension at the dome, he can't completely reinvent the Rams. It's not possible. The fans won't trust Kroenke, or embrace him, until they know he's staying.
Not one first-rounder was their first-rounder.
Colorado Dispensary Services general manager Jill Lamoureux was not surprised many facilities were mum. She said they are in a tough spot, balancing their feelings with the law.
_ ARE THERE MORE INJURIES TO COME? There's a lot of hoops left to play, but let's hope not. Injuries (Does Kobe Bryant's stomach bug count?) already did in the Bulls, Magic and Knicks, and are even playing havoc with the U.S. Olympic team. But if you believe the schedule is to blame, keep your eye on the next round: Some teams may have to play on back-to-back days in the postseason, the last remaining obstacle from the compressed schedule.
The Red Wings have become Tiger Woods -- minus, of course, the waitress fetishes and other sordid backstage dramatics. The potential for greatness remains on any given day, but advancing time and physical wear have diminished the expectation of such eminence.
Not rated. 1 hour, 27 minutes. A the Denver Film-Center/Colfax.
In the throwing events, sophomore Alyssa Windle won the shot put with a throw of 33-6.5, winning by nearly eight inches. Freshman Taylor Noel won the discus by nearly three feet with a throw of 101-8.5. Windle finished third at 98-1. Princ led a trio of javelin throwers in second place at 109-10, nearly seven feet off the lead. Windle finished third at 93-10, and sophomore Katie Gerard finished sixth at 90-2.
Across the Valley, cities and towns handle spending for their elected officials differently.
BERKELEY HEIGHTS - Two Martins Lane homes were burglarized on Sunday, July 4, sometime around 12:45 p.m. Patrolman Andrew Glaydura investigated at the scene and it appeared the burglars had fled on foot from the homes.
Bears comeback against Bombers
Sound FX performed on the stage of the Aire Crown Theatre to a crowd of over 3,000. Soundtrax competed against six of the top women's choirs and were honored with Best Show Design. They were also presented with Best Female Sound out of all 20 choirs.
I woke up this morning hungry for some good homemade Corned Beef and Cabbage. I found this one in the old Meal Planner archives. Looks easy enough.
Garnishes (see variations)
He's become a full-fledged star. And with that comes people the potential for people -- in the blink of an eye -- to seize the opportunity and the potential to trade on that notion.
A 33-year-old man was charged with shoplifting $377 worth of merchandise from Walmart on April 10.
The company will sell a remote with its high-end flat-panel TVs that contains a microphone. You'll be able to speak into the microphone to enter text on the TV for Twitter updates and Web searches. You won't be able to change the channel or control the volume by yelling at the TV.
Q: Is there a specific area of your game the sore hip was affecting?
Whole wheat spaghetti with meat sauce (1/2 cup)
NOTES: The Brewers officially placed OF Carlos Gomez (strained left hamstring) and SS Alex Gonzalez (right knee) on the 15-day disabled list, calling up INFs Taylor Green and Edwin Maysonet from Triple-A Nashville. Gonzalez is scheduled to have an MRI on Monday in Milwaukee. ... Fans serenaded Hall of Famer Willie Mays with "Happy Birthday" in the middle of the second inning. Mays, who turned 81 years old, blew out numbered candles on a cake and waved his cap to the crowd from a stadium suite.
I visited two of the casino's bars, so we'll talk about the
The Browns, even accounting for their deficiencies, had no business losing that game. They should have been leading at least 21-3 midway through the third quarter. Instead, it was 14-10.
"Now that we have these measures they're likely to stabilize matters in the near term but the markets' attention will now turn to implementation," said Neil Shearing, analyst at the London-based Capital Economics Ltd.
With an annual salary of $280,000, Janey is one of New Jersey’s highest paid public officials at a time when Christie is trying to cap school chiefs salaries at no more than his own salary of $175,000.
Despite a couple high-profile earnings misses before the day's session began, the overall success of companies in this earnings season and strong news on the housing industry helped the Standard & Poor's 500 finish off its best three-day run in two months, sending it just short of the 1,400 mark. The Nasdaq and Dow also gained again.
The Heat Index is tracking some headlines, real and imagined, that might have slipped beneath your radar:
- Coos Bay with eight arrests (three after midnight)
A third man was wounded in connection with the incident. Police say Jeray Lashawn Jessie, 21, entered a local hospital on his own with a wound to the forearm. Police are still trying to determine where he was during the early Sunday shooting.
In January 2008, sophisticated new DNA tests found genetic material from a former boyfriend of Hettrick's — and none from Masters — on her clothing.
— Anti-war coalitions: Believe the United States and the rest of NATO unnecessarily interfere in the affairs of other countries and go to war for less altruistic reasons than establishing democracy and restoring peace.
"Our goal was not to make money or anything; it was to get experience and make something useful," Kshitij says.
The IT program has proved to be a sure pipeline for talent. Of the 60 interns VSP has hired over the last six years, 20 are employed full time, the majority in information technology. Its IT department alone plans to hire as many as 22 interns this summer.
Lynda Williams, 42, of Wilmington. Third-degree murder in the death of the patient and murder in the death of live infant.
In the kitchen at Frank's Noodle House, cooks are taking big lumps of wheat-flour dough, stretching their arms out wide like giddy accordion players, twisting the resulting rope into long braids, then playing a giant game of cat's cradle to extract pencil-thin noodle strands from the dough.
You can listen to Larry Elder and us try to make hay with this slideshow live on "The Larry Elder Show" on Friday at 5:35 p.m. (That's KABC 790 AM.) That ought to be fun ... for you.
Mrs. Termini was wife of the late John; mother of Marguerite Stein (deceased) and Jim; grandmother of Gina, Lisa and John; great-grandmother of five.
"We, as governors, have to get our houses in order," Christie said. "We know we have to be a good place to do business."
It wasn't a disaster — more of a mishap. But it was almost as if ABC forgot that the Oscars red carpet is the longest-running fashion runway in history. Keyboard critics took to social media to throw a collective hissy fit about the network's coverage, which was the only live broadcast of arrivals during the hour before the show started, due to a newly extended exclusivity deal.
Q: What are your back stage rituals during a performance?
Ohio's December unemployment rate -- the latest one available on Friday -- was 9.6 percent. If next December's jobless rate isn't a whole lot better than that, John Kasich had better have a Plan B in the works -- or be working on a new career plan for himself.
He was visibly nervous and not at all optimistic that anyone would be interested in speaking to him, especially with a Chiefs game on the TVs. "There's nothing wrong with cynicism every now and then," Ross said. "But no bitterness or negativity."
"They can certainly buy inventory from other Saturn stores and stay in business," Vitantonio said. He added that some high-volume Saturn stores in other parts of the country might offer to sell their inventory to other dealers.
From 1986 to 1995, Warren’s name is included in the Association of American Law Schools’ annual directory of minority law teachers, according to records obtained by the Herald.
Huff did not take part in batting practice with the Giants but jumped in the batting cage and took a few swings just before the Padres took the field for their BP session.
Dixon sat onstage at the Comedy Factory in Power Plant Live as radio hosts and comedians skewered her over the scandals that led to her resignation from the mayor's office two years ago. They ragged on the gift cards meant for the poor that she was convicted of stealing, and one even banged a shoe — a reference to her actions at a particularly heated City Council meeting.
Time: 11:30 a.m.
Jackson is a four-time All-Great West Conference pick who started all 45 games for the Division I-AA Mustangs. Considered deceptively strong with good skills and quickness, he impressed at the NFL combine in February, running a 4.4-second 40-yard dash and bench pressing 225 pounds 19 times.
Tony's take: Without Andre Johnson, Texans less potent. Ravens 20, Texans 14.
Dickerson most recently manned the Santa House in Granite City. His wife, Bonnie, also works as Mrs. Claus and speaks in an Irish brogue. He spends 10 to 12 hours per holiday season helping the big guy.
This is a team that sure acts like it’s accomplished something.
The best new play category includes "Clybourne Park" by Bruce Norris, "Other Desert Cities," "Peter and the Starcatcher" by Rick Elice, and David Ives' "Venus in Fur." Plays that didn't make the cut included Katori Hall's "The Mountaintop," Nicky Silver's "The Lyons," David Auburn's "The Columnist" and Theresa Rebeck's "Seminar."
IMPAIRED DRIVING, SOLON ROAD: Officers were dispatched April 26 just after midnight to the Citadel Apartments, where a resident, 27, was found passed out in a Jeep Cherokee that was still running with its lights on. Officers shut the car off and eventually revived the man, who was disoriented and refused to take a breath test. Police also found a small amount of marijuana and a pipe in the car, as well as six mostly empty cans of beer.
NEW YORK - Stocks are trading slightly higher Friday as investors weigh corporate profit gains against disappointing economic news.
He will be honored at the Tribeca Performing Arts Center, 199 Chambers St., New York, Thursday at 8 p.m., in an all-star concert featuring pianist George Cables, bassist Buster Williams, trombonist Robin Eubanks, trumpeter Jeremy Pelt, and Montclair’s Billy Hart on drums. Imaginative vocalist Tessa Souter will also perform with guitarist Gene Bertoncini, bassist Sean Smith and drummer Willard Dyson. $37.50 or $40; visit tribecapac.org.
"I get a little worked up," he explained.
“Turn my bed around so I can watch them,’’ he ordered.
When the sailors and city firefighters tried to make a stand on Rincon Hill, they found that able-bodied men refused to help unless they were paid.
"There is at least one other individual and maybe more," Montgomery said.
This skin inflammation can vary from redness to widespread rashes with open sores. Eczema (often used synonymously with the term dermatitis) can also result from an inherited dry, cracked skin with allergies to foods or pollen (atopic dermatitis) or from leg swelling (stasis dermatitis).
Denver couldn't cover or tackle All-Pro tight end Rob Gronkowski, who tied a postseason mark with three touchdown catches, all in the opening half. Brady toyed with the Broncos (9-9), throwing more TD passes than Tebow had completions (three) in the first 30 minutes.
It's the football players that form the draw at a pre-Super Bowl event called Media Day. How could they not? A smorgasbord of press conferences gets smushed into a line on the field, with overflow at the side.
Daytime TV viewers are typically averse to change, and KSDK general manager Lynn Beall said she was well aware of that fact. "We plan to make the new schedule clear to viewers, and then stick with it long term," she said.
Good Greens bars are low-glycemic, gluten-free and vegan. Each offers 12 grams of protein and has 9 grams of fat. The company also offers Good Greens Plus Bars, which are made of a brown rice protein instead of soy protein.
The commercial, notes an Adidas news release, marks the first time the company features Adidas Sport Performance, Adidas Originals and Adidas Sport Style sub-brands in a single campaign.
MetroHealth, known as the region's safety net hospital, announced recently that it is trimming $30 million from its budget and closing a 144-bed skilled nursing facility as it faces a projected $1.1 million net loss for the year.
He'd also have to believe that the immediate use of force was necessary to defend against that danger. And he'd have to have used no more force than was "reasonably necessary" to defend against that danger.
Weber said after the Nebraska game that the pressure had dissipated. The Illini (16-11 overall, 5-9 in the Big Ten) no longer are expected to make the tournament field barring a late and significant turnaround.
Bonifas said last week that once he lands in Uruguay, he'll do two things: "Get down and kiss the ground and go have a great big drink."
Bellotti did offer, "We need to run the ball more," which is better than more punching of people I suppose. But even an eight-hour drive away, you could hear Ducks fans in Oregon standing in their living rooms booing their television sets as Blount was carried away.
Yosemite Springs Bed & Breakfast, 6986 Greeley Hill Rd., Greeley Hill CA. Rooms range from 1-bed and 2-bed rooms to whirlpool suite with capacity for 4 people. Open seasonally May through mid-September. Rates: $145-$250 per night night. More information: www.yosemitesprings.com or or 209-878-3835.
AT-HOME WHITENING. Those looking for in-office results at a lower price can use a dentist-supervised "at-home" treatment. Patients get a custom-fit tray and a whitening gel that's about a third as strong as the solutions used in offices.
Oregon athletic director Rob Mullens has denied any unethical behavior, and said he is confident the Ducks have followed NCAA rules. When asked, UO coach Chip Kelly has referred to Mullens' statement.
But her campaign to be Cleveland's next mayor kicked off in an odd place: Bailey's Restaurant and Grill in suburban Warrensville Heights. The restaurant, which her late grandmother enjoyed, has sentimental value, Brown told me this afternoon. She also knows the owners.
"He said it a couple of times," she said. "I just brushed it off."
The bottom third
It's important to find a way to reflect and improve without tearing myself apart for what I could've done better. That is the biggest difference between being a new teacher and a teacher with some experience: You find ways to get better without feeling like the world will end because of a bad day.
The Board of Education in closed session on Feb. 9 voted 5 to 2, with Steve Smith and Peggy Devoy opposed, to extend Borchers' contract through June 30, 2015. That extension includes the two percent salary increase.
7 245 (compensatory)
Now, for the first time in decades, the museum has reunited all four paintings in a single display in its Dutch paintings gallery, enabling close comparisons among them. Hanging alongside the four paintings are landscapes by van Ruisdael's uncle, Salomon van Ruysdael, and Ruisdael's student Meindert Hobbema.
9. For what major league baseball team did Babe Ruth first play?
He turned on his flashers and guided his silver 2004 Honda Accord Sport Coupe as far onto the right shoulder as he could.
Google says California law protects the right of workers to "use their knowledge and expertise to seek better employment opportunities."
So here's the deal: If you want more households in which one parent can stay home with the kids, you need to boost the incomes of average American families -- and especially of poorer families. For millions of American moms and dads, debates about "feminism" or "social conservatism" are irrelevant. It's about money.
Hundreds of books are on the market about dogs and people, usually dripping with sappy sentimentality, but Julie Zickefoose has a refreshing and distinctive essay collection about people and birds.
The details of Zephyr's death bring despair to the heart of any animal lover. But it's in the details of Nguyen's court case that animal advocates have identified a strategy that might help pets not only in California, but in every other community in the country.
A self-professed Giants "diehard" Delaney said his father has had season tickets since 1987, but didn't luck out in the lottery. This wouldn't be his first Super Bowl. Yet his last was quite a while back: Super Bowl XXI, the Giants’ first, 25 years ago in Pasadena, Calif.
teams around the area don't recognize the scores when they see another Ladue win. Then another. And another. And ...
Franz, Wierzbinski and Rodger Kram, director of the Locomotion Lab, confirmed the findings with the help of 12 male subjects, all of whom were experienced barefoot runners (logging an average of 19 miles a week sans substantial shoes) and all of whom landed on the mid-sole of their feet while running with or without shoes. (Many people who run exclusively in shoes tend to strike first on their heels.)
"New Jersey is facing a transportation crisis," he said. "Our commuters are fed up with train delays that make them late to work and endless traffic that traps them on our highways when they want to be home with their families. When the ARC tunnel was canceled, it was clear to me that we couldn’t just throw up our hands and wait years to find another solution."
The Ducks (24-10, 10-5) claimed the series with wins on Friday and Saturday, and are now in a three-way tie for first place in the Pac-12 standings with UCLA and Arizona.
4-year-old Missouri girl abducted from front yard
More important, perhaps, leaks about the letter produce what looks like an agenda for possible direct talks between the foes.
The Cleveland Flats just ain't what they used to be. But partyers still flock to this reminder of the area's heyday.
Charter schools also might not have the capacity to provide special education and can pick the students they want, he said. Money given to charter schools could mean less money for other schools.
"They had to blast this mountain 20-some feet to connect to the rest of the house," she says of the construction. "If we had known what we were getting into, I'm not sure we would have done it."
Aubrey noted said the prosecutors have known about the visitation issues long before Gentz was connected to the Bashara case.
With a third of American adults obese, nearly every idea is on the table at the 9 a.m. CDC conference, from healthier school lunches to workplace wellness programs.
The Sun-Times investigation has prompted an ongoing investigation by Joseph Ferguson, the city of Chicago's inspector general, into how the police handled the case. State's Attorney Anita Alvarez's office is assisting Ferguson.
Estonian Finance Minister Juergen Ligi said he expects the court to rule in favor of the treaty, adding that the government has no plan B, such as changing the constitution, and will be forced to opt out of the treaty should the ruling go against it.
Stewart's father, Lt. Lester Stewart, also works for the sheriff's department as commander of the transportation unit.
D.C. United (9-8-12, 38 points)
Coburn called it a "buy vs. build" deal.
Made of corrugated plastic, lightweight plastic wheels, and maybe a little duct tape here and there, the student-designed cars sported tiny solar panels on top.
The National Association of Manufacturers welcomed the congressional votes on countervailing duties, saying that failure to act "would leave manufacturers in the U.S. defenseless against rampant deep-pocket Chinese and other government subsidies."
This week, interim Maricopa County Attorney Rick Romley and Phoenix Public Safety Manager Jack Harris released information that led to Chrisman's being placed on the "Brady" list, which was created by a 1963 U.S. Supreme Court case regarding police officers who have been untruthful or have had integrity problems.
Weight, in pounds, of the glass used in the building. 200,000 pounds of steel was used for the window frames.
John Casey Region: Wow! No. 1 seed Arapahoe, ThunderRidge, and Denver East in same region. Yes, the social networking was on fire Sunday night due to the seeding here. Don't forget about Fossil Ridge, which has had a surprising season and will have a chance to prove their seeding with a possible match-up vs. Legend in Round 2. Denver East may be the most dangerous team in 5A as they will play with a chip on their shoulder after not getting a No. 1 seed, and not playing their best of late. Cherokee Trail could be a real test for Denver East in Round 2 of this region, but Legacy won't be easy for CT.
Gardening program aims to feed hungry
Burton's work caught Middleton's eye when she designed an off-the-shoulder wedding dress for Sara Buys, a fashion journalist who married Tom Parker Bowles, the son of Prince Charles' wife, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, in 2005.
BUT it does have a side effect, even beyond the noise, which is pretty deafening even to a guy who has spent his whole life as the tasty middle in a drum-and-cymbal sandwich. Cutting the cast iron creates shavings that are about the consistency of fingerprint dust. It gets everywhere.
And not to beat diversity to death, but near Riley's tomb is buried another Hoosier of note, the bank robber John Dillinger, who made such a splash that seven decades after his death he's still a household word and box office draw -- Johnny Depp played in him a movie in 2009.
June 12-15, June 26-29, July 17-20 Unique and powerful blend of leadership, teamwork, wilderness skills training, and self-empowerment, all within the context of an active, outdoor role-playing games. $485. 303-786-9216, e-mail: manager@renaissanceadventures.com, website: renaissanceadventures.com
Cost: $38 members, $48 nonmembers
Born in Brooklyn, NY, a son of Helen (Sylwonik) and the late Raymond Malinowski, he was raised in Brooklyn and had resided in Piscataway before settling to Neshanic Station 21 years ago.
Findings in the study by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention suggest that a smoking ban in Pueblo, Colo., led to a dramatic drop in heart attack hospitalizations. The study is the longest-running of its kind and found a 41 percent decrease in hospitalizations related to heart attacks within three years of the city's smoking ban taking effect. The CDC notes that in two neighboring areas without a ban, there was no such drop.
She was never intimidated by her family’s accomplishments. "When you have someone in the family who can hit a note that you can’t hit or sing a part that you can’t sing, that’s a blessing," she says. "It reminds us that we all need each other."
Simply bringing the KKK into any discussion that involves public schools, particularly struggling urban schools in St. Louis and Kansas City that serve primarily black populations, is monumentally absurd.
“I understand their frustration,” Cashman said Thursday, a day after the Yankees announced Pineda will undergo surgery that will cost him at least a year. “I’m disappointed. I’m devastated by the same thing. I’m doing a job and that job involves making very difficult decisions. You hope that those decisions work out. It’s not looking good at all so you’re experiencing the blowback from that. I see it and I’ll wear it.”
Sanchez deserves better than this, no matter what you think of him as a quarterback. Sure he needed to be pushed, but not by a magnetic force of nature who unintentionally and inevitably will be breathing relentlessly down his neck, who will be pushed toward the playing field by a howling gale of hero worship and curiosity.
Freed's concert marked the beginning of a rich tradition that reached its zenith in the 1970s, with WMMS FM/100.7, the Agora and Swingos, the legendary rock hotel made famous by the film "Almost Famous." There was also Cleveland International Records, the local label founded here by Steve Popovich, which released Meat Loaf's mega-hit debut and Ian Hunter's "Cleveland Rocks." The city was credited with breaking Rush, Bruce Springsteen and David Bowie.
The release issued today by Greenpeace, however, singled out Adidas for a rhetorical poke, noting that the Nike-sponsored soccer team FC Barcelona beat the Adidas-sponsored Real Madrid, 3-2, Wednesday night in Barcelona.
Investors have been concerned that Greece could default on its debt and that the trouble there would spread to other countries. Countries like Ireland and Portugal are also carrying big debt loads. Germany and other countries that have already lent Greece money, could lose it if Greece defaults on the loans.
The under 11 girls' team Barracudas got off to a winning start in the CYSA Coast Spring League. Defense was the key to the game as goalie Emma Wineinger was brilliant recording a clean sheet. Steady play from center backs Shaylah Youngdale and Zarah Kayhan helped keep the Strikers off the score sheet as well. Lexie Lottie and Marina Bucini added goals in the first half to secure the win.
Bruce Davidson Jr., better known as Buck, last week was named to the U.S. team for the competition, achieving a goal toward which he has been working practically all his life. The 34-year-old athlete will be aboard BallyNoe Castle RM, an Irish Sport Horse gelding owned by Carl and Cassandra Segal of Pottersville, who are happy to be along for the ride.
Gov. Chris Christie fired state Education Commissioner Bret Schundler today after the governor said Schundler misled him about what was said during a meeting with federal examiners on the state’s application for a $400 million federal grant.
The Starbucks card offers extra value to those who register their cards online. My Starbucks Rewards combines Starbucks Card Rewards and Starbucks Gold into one simpler, smarter program.
Observers of the uptown neighborhood said that while the Station North area has undergone a steady transformation, change is not immediately apparent to those who do not live or work there.
Still, they make it more likely that Greece will have to abandon the euro, roiling world markets, said Jacob Kirkegaard, research fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
At the top of the list may be a new direction for the band, which is fronted by brothers Jeff (guitar, vocals) and David Lazaroff (guitar, vocals), with Grover Stewart (drums, vocals), Teddy Brookins (bass, vocals) and Mo Egeston (keyboards).
If sex with or among the minors in these places is an issue, then a whole new set of questions needs to be answered.
"He was one of my diner pals. We were diner Democrats," she said. "We never met a calorie we didn't like and a hand we didn't want to shake."
Bond prices fell, sending the yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note up to 3.26 percent from 3.23 percent late Monday.
Early in the research and development phase, Brown struggled to make the cookies a uniform size, so she invested in a $20,000 depositor, a machine that measures the batter. Brown admits she initially resisted the move because Dolce Baking Co.'s brand is <U+0093>all about handcrafted.<U+0094> But as she began baking cookies in the thousands per batch, she looked for ways to create a consistent product using a streamlined process.
I am also happy that Rosen offers trippa Napolitana ($7.50), a bowl of tender tripe with chiles, tomato and Pecorino cheese, a dish I fondly remember from Santi. A hefty dose of mint seemed to lighten the dish and bring out the best in the tripe.
In the 2010 midterm election, Republicans exploited this skepticism to win control of the House. This year, GOP presidential candidates have once again made repealing the law a centerpiece of their campaigns.
The Ohio Department of Development's Strategic Business Investment Division has talked to the company to discuss incentives, said Rob Nichols, spokesman for Gov. John Kasich.
At the least, Dow said, testing of law enforcement officers is likely to increase under the state’s existing "probable cause" guidelines, which allow police chiefs or prosecutors to order tests if they have reason to suspect illicit drug use.
“It’s hard to talk about it tonight, Mo means so much to us on a personal level,” he said.
Throw in the owners' collective ego, and you have extremely favorable market conditions for the players.
Arizona had monkeyed with a spread passing offense, but virtually everybody else used some variation of a traditional, pro-style attack built on a strong running game that set up play-action passes.
Last April, Arizona Republic's critic, Ed Masley named her Laurin-Walker the best front person in the state:
But while I'll happily acknowledge the rules-turned-upside-down pleasure of eating things like waffles and pancakes for dinner (or pizza for breakfast!), that's not at all what this is about.
"It was a little behind me," he said. "I had a hand on it, but the safety came out of nowhere and put a helmet in my ribs.
<U+0095>17300 block Village, car stolen, 7:43 a.m.
277 LE BEAU LANE $125,000
Those who have been through the process say it's crucial to have experienced hands at the helm. Phil Fernandez, for instance, has been a top executive at two valley tech companies that have gone public, and he's making plans to take his current startup, San Mateo enterprise software maker Marketo, public sometime next year.
When Ram's Gate opened in September, its marketing team specifically noted in its press materials that it does not include a restaurant.
One instruction -- turn right -- guides Ridge Road motorists in the southbound curb lane approaching Brookpark Road on the edge of Brooklyn. Unfortunately, people interpret it two ways.
The women apparently were not injured and did have appropriate clothing, water and cell phones, King said.
Lefty Felix Doubront (0-0, 5.40) starts for the Red Sox. He struck out a career-high seven hitters in his last outing against the Rays. The former reliever is making just his sixth career big league start.
Cañon City 19, Palmer Ridge 14
"I could tell the story of his life, and that was important to my family, but to who else? It needed to be more about me and our relationship than I had anticipated. Otherwise there wasn't a reason to write it."
of penny stocks. The foundation solicited proposals from grass-roots organizations working in north St. Louis. Each project is intended to help solve a community problem affecting children, teens and families.
Violence also spread the port city of Suez where anti-military protesters pelted the building of the governor's office with stones. Seven were arrested.
In 2011, there were 10,005 double dippers in Oregon, according to data obtained by The Oregonian from the Oregon Public Employees Retirement System. That's almost one in every 10 retirees drawing a pension check from PERS.
MOTORSPORTS
HAMMONTON — An FAA spokesperson confirmed that one man was killed after two small planes performing aerobatic maneuvers collided in midair over Hammonton Municipal Airport today.
A. There are definitely more seniors with teeth into older age than before. But medications can dry out the mouth and this reduces the salivary flow and increases acidity in the mouth.
Christopher and His Kind, directed by Geoffrey Sax, Britain, 2011, 90 minutes
I have never been afraid of heights. Skydiving and bungee jumping weren't a problem, but I must confess that I was a little worried about banging into a tree at 25 mph.
Who got into the most trouble?
It is a bedrock of certainty to supplement private pensions and personal savings that are subject to the swings of stock and bond markets. And for the oldest Americans who eventually spend much of their retirement savings, Social Security is an essential source of income <U+0096> and independence.
With years of having the trail names consist of "H" and a number, the proposed names will be relevant to the trail. The new names will make them easier to distinguish from one another for both the park's visitors and emergency response teams, Marcheta Strunk of Glendale's Public Relations Office said.
Washington state troopers stopped Wyatt’s pickup about 11:40 a.m. Aug. 13 on I-90 in Spokane, near the Thor/Freya interchange, Kerwin said. They spoke to the motorist, identified the driver and the occupants of the vehicle and forwarded the information to Idaho State Police, Kerwin said.
In the book's final section, Lewis cleans up just enough to enroll in school, and to marry. He is also breaking into homes and businesses to steal drugs, an offense for which he is eventually arrested and asked to leave his internship. He also leaves his marriage, though not before recounting for the reader the vile, weak human being that was his ex-wife. It's gratuitous and nasty stuff, and does not for the author sympathy provoke.
It's a valid complaint, and it popped up again last month at -- of all places -- Cleveland's kick-off rally against S.B 5, which appears on the Nov. ballot as Issue 2.
at Women in Hollywood fete
The CEO of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., told investors Wednesday that he expects the company's fourth-quarter sales to rise in the U.S. as it recovers from several quarters when U.S. sales barely rose from a year earlier.
2760 Rutger St, $7,000
A couple of times he tumbled down the side of a steep hill. Fortunately, he never broke an arm or a leg. But there was no way to hide those little adventures.
In his annual report to Gov. Martin O'Malley last year, Adkins identified the acquisition of additional C-27Js as a priority for the Maryland Military Department. Four aircraft, he wrote, would "be inadequate to perform all missions effectively and may limit available aircraft for support to disasters here in Maryland."
“Since the photo was in black and white, there is hardly a chance to see any blue.
One of the motion detectors was placed above where Sunday's fire began, Schuurman said.
For teams with no place in the playoffs, April is for discovering the merits of the roster you have rather than fantasizing about the roster you might have, contingent on ping-pong balls and the judgment of scouts.
For now, Siciliano said Bauserman is the favorite and because Guiton has played so little and Graham not at all, they're in the same boat with Miller. He said the reps probably will be split evenly for the first 10 practices of the spring, then the quarterbacks who have done best will get longer looks for the final practices.
Master gardener Henry Doll was the chair of the Cuyahoga County master gardener program when Tony died.
"Luck was not with us when we were not winning games. Everything that could go wrong, did go wrong," midfielder Tony McManus said. "Now, things are turning around, we're starting to see those chances that were hitting the woodwork before are now going in."
Q. This is the first time you have been the star of a movie, so journalists like me are going to ask you a lot of questions about being Phil Collins' daughter. Does it bug you?
"We've been doing some school work we brought home from last school year, going over letters and numbers," Westin Walker, of Caseyville, said of some review he's doing with his son Maleek, who starts school at the Illinois Center for Autism this month.
3. What were the advantages of staying all the way through it in college and what did you get out of the experience?
For residents living in Gresham, Fairview and Wood Village east of the state Department of Environmental Quality Burn Ban Boundary located approximately along 182nd Avenue, April 14 marked the first of ten backyard debris burn days. The authorized burn season will fall on each Wednesday and Saturday until the allotted ten burn days have been successfully completed.
Toyota has recalled more than 8.5 million vehicles around the globe, leading to the first major review of auto safety laws in Congress in a decade.
After a series of attacks in 2008 and 2009 which sent four people to the hospital, Jersey City officials impounded the dogs under the state's Vicious Dog Law and they faced being euthanized. Kolb, of Sheffield Street, went to trial to defend the dogs and as part of an agreement reached with the city on May 15, 2009, she promised in court send them out of state.
The dissident Moyers have nominated Washington Trust Bank and Christopher Folkestad, a Portland CPA, to serve as co-trustees.
President Herbert Hoover was in office when the stock market crashed in October 1929 and, as the nation struggled amid an economic depression, lost re-election to Democrat Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932.
Proof that these guys can keep up with the larger noise-making ensembles in town, their release party Friday at the Triple Rock will feature Marijuana Deathsquads and the Stnnng for openers (10 p.m., $7). Bloodnstuff is also on the just-announced lineup for the free Lyn-Lake Street Festival May 20, along with Kid Dakota, Halloween, Alaska, Omaur Bliss and Mayda.
Limbaugh: Ohhhh, that Tom Bass. (Rolls his eyes.) All that I'm saying is the government has no business paying for birth control.
Indeed, Weber opened a briefing for the Minneapolis school board recently with grim stats on rising childhood obesity and Type 2 diabetes juxtaposed with data showing key nutrients in their diets falling after children enter school.
"Naperville has a lot of green stuff going on already," she said. "I think it's just time for the next step."
Indoor Yard Sale
Portland police responded to the latest report Wednesday, the discovery of a cat's head in Southwest Portland's Gabriel Park.
“If you want traditional Thai food, you typically have to trek out to Queens,” notes Jesse Mintz-Roth, 33, who came to Pok Pok on opening night with a crew of four friends.
The Blazers got the ball to Aldridge on the left block with Lee guarding him, and Aldridge made one of his signature moves, spinning left and fading away for a 12-foot shot that gave the Blazers the lead for good.
Many Republican leaders have sought to distance themselves from the "birther" theory as a discredited notion not worthy of national public debate.
Two dozen women ages 30 to 45 exercised three days a week for 12 weeks. Some held a palm-cooling device chilled to about 61 degrees during cardio portions of their workouts.
Numerous U.S. companies are looking to leave China and other Asian countries and move back home -- but not necessarily to San Diego or elsewhere in California.
At least the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency knows what it has to do right now. Apologize. Promise an investigation. Probably pay a tidy settlement. And another apology might be good.
"It's like, forward, what, over the cliff?" he asks. The GOP Super PAC "American Crossroads" has produced an ad called "Backward" in which an announcer states, "The only thing moving forward is the national debt."
Nuclear regulators said Thursday that they have received no direct notice of Edison's new plans and said the company will be held to its detailed safety commitments outlined in a March "action letter."
Song said a wealthy nephew put him up in an apartment in Chungju, southeast of Seoul, for a year and a half. Then, Song said, he put down $70,000 and his nephew another $125,000 to buy him the apartment where he now lives in Yongin.
For the full year, net income dropped 34 percent to $57.2 million, or $1.42 per diluted share. That's down from $87.0 million, or $2.11 per share, in fiscal 2011.
"I'm of Polish descent. Because of that, I always felt a kinship to the pope," Armbruster said, tears welling up. "Just to be in the presence of a man like that. When he walked into the room, the atmosphere changed."
Factory orders were valued at a seasonally adjusted $356.1 billion in September. But through the first nine months of the year, orders are 21.7 percent below the pace of 2008, underscoring the severity of the recession.
Hey, Tony: I thought the Browns won a small victory with the Steelers by neutralizing James Harrison. He had two tackles and one assist with no sacks in the New Year's Day game. Nice not to see him celebrating over another one of our horizontal players. -- Nancy H., Baltimore
Simon said she does not expect Mason's 15 or so civil attorneys to transfer to the new department. Rather, she said, their status will be up to Mason.
But federal law makes all marijuana possession and sales illegal. Drug sales within 1,000 feet of a school bring enhanced penalties. Walsh said he sent the letters because he's concerned that the presence of medical-marijuana businesses near schools may be encouraging the increase the state is seeing in youth use of marijuana.
"We don’t like surprises, and we’re pretty sure they don’t like surprises, either," he said of his clients.
Fees: Driving in Boston can be tedious to say the least, and relying on taxis can rapidly run a tight travel budget off the rails. Curb cab costs by snagging a seven-day Link Pass from the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority. Available for $15, the pass allows unlimited travel via subway, local bus and the inner-harbor ferry. Another avenue of savings is the Family-Friendly Value Pass available through the Greater Boston Convention and Visitors Bureau. Bostonusa.com has further information about obtaining this free pass, which offers substantial discounts and freebies at a variety of venues and eateries throughout the city.
The high cost of medicine causes 16 percent of non-compliance, according to an Express Scripts. Another 15 percent stems from patient concern about the side effects of the medicine itself.
The FBI showed pictures of Filko driving his Chevy Cavalier to Dimora’s home.
BACK ON TRACK
The pro-1070 group will hold its "Stand with Arizona" rally at Tempe Diablo Stadium Saturday evening. Its organizers expect a crowd of about 10,000.
It’s time for the league’s most-established starting star point guard to meet its least-established starting star point guard. Jason Kidd, meet Jeremy Lin.
(On if Brandon Weeden can make the receivers better):
A wilderness ranger and Forest Service volunteer began the grisly task Thursday of clearing cow carcasses from the most visible areas surrounding the Conundrum Hot Springs.
Certified by Underwriters Laboratories in October, it uses the technology of old TVs. A cathode generates electrons and sprays them onto the bulb's interior phosphor coating. The equivalent of a 65-watt incandescent, it costs under $20 and uses just 19.5 watts.
Gun sales typically have surged in recent presidential election years, said Brian Rafn, portfolio manager at Morgan Dempsey Capital Management, which has offices in Milwaukee and Delafield. This year, though, it's off the charts.
13167, Charles R. Phinney, Bend, 4:59:28.
-<U+FFFD>Greater Phoenix Pond Society: 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. May 7. Every year, area pond enthusiasts organize a free educational tour of their creative residential water features. Visit koi ponds, goldfish ponds and waterfalls with lush plantings. For maps and information, visit phoenixponds.com.
Who will foot the bill for the wedding, likely to be millions of pounds (dollars), is still being worked out, but the royal family knows they must not seem out of touch with the public's cash-strapped mood. William's office says "the couple are mindful of the current economic situation."
The Cause.it crew got some investment funding to build the app from Bloomington-based SproutBox. The app debuted at South By Southwest in Austin, Texas. Earlier this month, it hit the App Store.
Thompson said the changes brought by Magid would have happened eventually even without his influence. But before Magid, Thompson said, local television news "was pretty deadly dull."
Rose has been warning for months that this year would be different. When other districts sliced staff during the last few years, Beaverton whittled funds in areas away from the classroom and reached into reserves to cover costs.
The report was the latest of several positive financial assessments of Ohio and Greater Cleveland.
"For me, this is the crossroads for seeing people I went to high school with," says Candi Core, 25, of Cranford.
Kemp, who came in batting .500 in his 11 previous home games against the Giants, went 0 for 5.
He laced his show with pro-social messages directed at his black audience.
The Eagles led Baca County by 58 points heading into the finals, where they had two spots. Seven others placed for Paonia, including two of three in third-place matches and three of four for fifth place.
"He has an obligation not only to the restitution, but also to family and his children -- an obligation as their father," Hajji told the Free Press in March.
The new generation is into technology. Wall to wall tekkies are here exporting masses of microchips. So why did companies congregate here? Because, they say: 1. The nation’s stable. 2. Education. Mandatory and government funded, it’s more teachers than cops. 3. English is spoken by a majority. 4. Salaries are lower than the US. 5. Climate.
Mentor Graphics: Billionaire investor Carl Icahn says the Wilsonville company wrecked what had been a "friendly" relationship.
“It doesn’t concern us in the least,” he said about the recordings. “The more technology they used, the more they recorded what happened, the more we like it.
“I’ve never been into it,” Rockaway Township resident Kandy Delgado said of the Super Bowl. “You can watch the commercials online.”
The 98th House District seat is vacant because former state Rep. Matt Dolan last week resigned and moved to Chagrin Falls to run for Cuyahoga County executive position.
ST. LOUIS -- The annual ethics talk could have special meaning at Washington University this year.
Higher gas prices generally don't help the broader U.S. economy, even though they force people to spend more. The additional money seldom pays for higher salaries or new jobs. The United States does supply a portion of the oil consumed here. But the majority is produced overseas, so most of the money leaves the country.
"They should be able to take the over 1 billion dollars we've offered them and open the doors of their arenas and let us, along with the ushers, parking attendants, everyone impacted to get back to work," Fisher added.
MORRISTOWN — The Jose Feliciano murder trial headed to the jury today when Superior Court Judge Thomas Manahan gave his instructions to the panel in Morristown.
"You're going to get 50 yards of fencing, if that," says Alfredo Gutierrez, a former Democratic state senator and immigrant-rights advocate who ran for governor in 2002.
"My heroes are Melanie Troxel and Ashley Force," Chelsey said. "They drive in the NHRA. One day I want to go 300 miles an hour, too."
It was hard arguing with that assessment. But now the playing field is level. And you can bet Roberts, and the Faculty at Bristol Clown Community College, are looking for some tangible ratings results, the kind of numbers that will break FAN's stanglehold on the market.
Chief Tim Fitch said Sgt. Dana Fulton has been promoted to lieutenant and Detectives Devin Rose and Joanna Jensen are now sergeants.
The toughest test of the young season comes Saturday at home against Western Conference leader Real Salt Lake. RSL is 5-1-0 and has scored 11 goals this season and has 28 shots on goal.
Obama's marks are also poor on the economy, with 52 percent saying they disapprove of how he's handled that issue.
But by using these strategies, you can keep a down economy from damaging your health:
INFANT AND CHILD CPR/CHOKING: 7-9 p.m. March 15, Professional Building 1, 6 Jungermann Circle, suite 212, Barnes-Jewish St. Peters Hospital campus. Non-certification class for expectant and new parents who wish to learn CPR for infants and children. Cost $25 per person. To register, call 636-928-9355.
At least not publicly.
The disgraced former auditor has since been convicted of 21 corruption-related crimes and faces a lengthy prison term.
By the time he came to the plate in the seventh, Willingham needed only a home run for the cycle. He grounded out to third, and then flied to right in the eighth, but his performance helped the Twins to a 7-4 victory, breaking a six-game losing streak.
Q. You borrowed an idea last year from Las Vegas, spinning a big carnival wheel and giving away freebies at a national library conference here. What more will you bring here?
“Consumers looking for cheap transportation are finding it more and more difficult to locate a used vehicle at an affordable price,” said Alec Gutierrez, senior market analyst at Kelley Blue Book’s, which operates the kbb.com auto information website. “Late-model vehicles with low miles are becoming increasingly hard to find, especially as used-vehicle values continue to aggressively increase.”
· Think local. Planning a great getaway does not require traveling to a far-off destination. Consider booking trips to locales within driving distance of an hour or two. This way you can pack the entire family into the car, and still enjoy a relaxing and fun vacation.
"So the battle going on in Wisconsin is part of a larger war. It is about Republicans across the country trying to use voter anger at the economy to institute out-of-the-mainstream, far-right policies by pretending they are related to jobs or deficits (like the insane argument that tax cuts for the wealthiest one percent of Americans will somehow translate to significant job growth)." - Mitchell Bard
Travis Zajac gave the Devils insurance at 14:01, circling behind the net to wrap his fifth around the right post, and Bryce Salvador hit the empty net shorthanded with 2:51 left.
Clemens, a Texas native, became an overpowering presence with the Boston Red Sox in the mid-1980s, setting strikeout records and agitating hitters by throwing fastballs under their chins.
She will be paid $89,000 a year, and all of her salary will be covered by private contributions.
More good news: Here are some other stats, notes and quotes from Saturday's 1-0 loss to Portland.
Cages should be outfitted with a variety of perches and playthings to stimulate their occupants. Parrots lacking such diversions often pluck their feathers, a habit that is usually impossible to reverse, Tweti said.
Indeed, based on projections, Emma Donnan Middle School ($6,132), Manual High School ($6,348), Howe Community High School ($7,407) and Arlington Community High School ($8,460) would shatter the average funding of $3,350.
"It's a legitimate issue," he said. "You're trying to catch someone throwing 98 mph in the middle of the game and it's not easy to see. A bunch of balls are going to go into (the field of) play with it there."
Individual events: 3,200-meter relay: 1. North Carroll, 8:31.50; 2. Pikesville, 8:33.31; 3. Boonsboro, 8:48.33.
After gesturing out my towels for a few months, it struck me that I had no idea of the economics at work here. It must be like computer printers - they practically give printers away to make money on all those pricy ink cartridges, a business model I think of as the Barbie Clothes Paradigm.
Rachel Saunders offers six different cupcakes daily and rotates more than 20 flavors a week. Decadent varieties include salted caramel and triple chocolate. Gluten-free cupcakes are offered on Fridays. Vegan cupcakes are available through special orders. Cupcakes start at $3 each.
Since Manning, the immigration attorney, filed his brief, at least three people a week have contacted him to say they were in a similar situation.
"Who knows?" said Byner. "Maybe if we could've played like this more throughout the season, we'd be playing for home-field advantage in the playoffs right now."
"Everybody wears hoodies, since the 1940s," says Colletti, the owner of the popular Buffalo Exchange clothing resale stores in Denver and Boulder. "Every sports store, every college campus ... American Apparel built their whole business on hoodies."
The government's own new unemployment rates will come Friday. That's one day before Obama heads out for his campaign rallies.
When she's not at work or doing schoolwork, Katerina likes to watch TV shows such as "Make It or Break It" and "American Idol."
Northwood added three more runs in the sixth, capitalizing on two errors to make it 10-3. Pinch-hitter Max Gleit capped the inning with a two-run single.
WHERE WE MUNCHED
"Mutual aid calls have gone up, not only in the last five months, but I’d say in the last year or so," he said, noting many of the fires have been very large, destroying multiple homes or condo units. "It’s a big, big storm — everything comes together to have one big fire."
It is not the handiwork of the big, evil insurance companies. There is no profiteering going on.
“I didn’t mind that,” he said. “I would come back and shop with you again.”
He is being held on $140,000 bail.
The leak was reported at 11:45 a.m. near the engineering administration section after contractors doing fiber-optic upgrades for the base’s communication system “dug too deeply or in the wrong area,” said Picatinny spokesman Peter Rowland.
Lanctot walked Farha through multiple receipts issued in 2006 from the Subway and pressed Farha to admit some of the receipts were inaccurate. Farha said in some instances, the money he collected was less than what the amount on the receipt.
James M. Maltese, 33, was charged Friday with falsifying motor vehicle records, theft by deception and engaging in the business of a vehicle dealer without a license, said Detective Lt. Joseph Capriotti.
Brenner is among those who have advocated using only the so-called millimeter wave scanners used by the TSA at some airports, which do not expose scanned passengers to radiation.
Gartland and Michael Ritacco, 63, the former superintendent of the Toms River Regional School District, also face a 27-count indictment charging them with bribery and fraud. Both men have pleaded not guilty to the charges. Their trial is scheduled to start April 9.
Aaron and Caprina Wakefield hired Rebecca Harris in early October 2007 to watch their daughter, who was 2 years old, and Kaleb, who was 4 months.
The proposed hotel would have used approximately 200 less parking spaces than an office building which means less traffic for everyone.
The Japanese system sounds like Obama-care on steroids - Private plans, cover everyone, required participation, and help for the poor. And it produces the best system in the world. Would anyone like to reconsider their Prop C vote.
"The press and public -- especially the hundreds of individuals who may have been affected by the defendants' activities but who have not yet retained, or who lack the knowledge or resources to retain, their own counsel -- have an obvious and intense interest in learning as much as possible about it," wrote John Borger, an attorney with Faegre & Benson who represents the newspaper.
Dr. Gus Kious, a family medicine doctor by training who took over as Huron's president in 1994, fought for years to keep the East Cleveland hospital open.
And no one thought she'd lost all sense of place and time.
After Sandy Alomar Jr. doubled into the right-field corner with two outs, Vizquel sent a short fly ball into left center field. It looked like it was going to drop for a single, but Jeter made a fine running catch.
Targeting Trophy Steelhead: With Chris Vertopoulos. 6:30-8 p.m. Feb. 16. Fisherman's Marine & Outdoor, Oregon City. 503-557-3313
Brokers are getting more business, but they have to work for it.
“THE HUNGER GAMES”
"Do you really want to argue with me for the rest of your life?"
"With this statement you can show your faithfulness to Church law," Rowe wrote. "But it will also be a great pastoral opportunity to show your appreciation of the many voices of your faithful in the Diocese and of your efforts to deal with the serious shortage of priests."
South America isn't the easiest place in the world to look for fossils, especially not the tiny, fragile remains of ancient rodents. Lush vegetation covers much of the continent, obscuring whatever bones may have survived the ravages of time.
Gray got the hot hand for Benedictine in the third quarter to the tune of seven points including one 3-pointer, while Roberts added six points that included two more trips to the free throw line. T.J. Steele came of Wilson’s bench to knock down a trey, and the rout was on with the Bengals leading after three quarters, 43-18.
On Friday, opponents of the hunt asked Judge Stephen Skillman of the state Appellate Division to grant the permit for the Franklin site on Route 46, for an unlimited number of protestors, and to expand the permit for Whittingham from 25 protestors to an unlimited number. Skillman denied both requests late this morning.
Healy said that Steiner did not mention the threat in his report on the incident and didn't mention it until he was on the witness stand.
I'm leading the development of Corent's Multi Tenant Server. This technology brings the next generation of application servers for the new and emerging market in cloud computing called Software-as-a-Service (SaaS).
"Business is good," said general manager Ben Bui. "We have plans for a fourth store in Beaverton, but we don't know where and when yet."
Ostrzenski said the structure uncovered in the study had three distinct sections, sat at a 35-degree angle inside the urethra, and "has a bluish, grape-like appearance."
Cal's only senior from Texas is quarterback Brock Mansion, who started four games in 2010 but did not play this season beyond holding for kicks early in the year.
The IPN says new evidence indicated that Father Popieluszko, an unflinching and brazen critic of communist rule in Poland, may have been held at a Soviet military base near Kazun, 30 miles to the north of Warsaw, and murdered a number of days after his abduction.
Balance problems have not been uncommon at the Matthews Theatre and the Act I trio was a little orchestra-heavy. But overall, Joel Revzen led the New Jersey Symphony Orchestra in a blistering performance.
First came the street toughs.
But what looks best, though, won't show up on any postcard: Tax breaks.
When Cleveland voters ousted Kucinich as mayor in 1979 after a tumultuous two years in which he barely survived a recall election and the city defaulted on its debts, the so-called boy mayor seemed washed up at age 33.
Cullen Arnold
Clark hopes the sale of the club will be completed "by the end of the current season," which finishes on the weekend of May 12-13.
Picture sleeves are juxtaposed throughout the book, drawing often humorous parallels that underscore how artists rubbed off on each other, consciously or otherwise. Compare the covers of Michael Jackson's "Human Nature" and his sister La Toya's Jackson's "Heart Don't Lie." "If you look really close, the jewels are different, but the bow tie and the sweater vest are exactly the same," Chojnacki says. "It seems like they were in on it together."
Bernadotte is survived by his second wife, Gunnila, two adopted children from his first marriage and six grandchildren.
Birch, oak, hickory and sycamore are among the active pollinators.
Breaking the rules of nature, I took four baby bunnies into the warmth of my kitchen, and felt I had done the right thing after finding the big frogs in my grass shriveled up dead from the sudden change in temperature.
With a growing pool of highly qualified women and intensified investor pressure on boards to diversify corporate management teams, companies "are hiring more high-potential women who could be CEO," says Judith von Seldeneck, head of Diversified Search, a Philadelphia executive-recruitment firm.
Fishers Detective Doug Baker met with the juvenile and his parents. The juvenile told Baker that he met a 30-year-old man named Adam on a website called "Grindr." The two began talking on March 3, the boy said.
Schaeffer, a Princeton resident, has partnered with Florida developer P. Shields Ferber to plan the new retail center, which she said would create desperately needed employment opportunities for the area.
Presidential Scholar semifinalist, Notre Dame Prep.
Judging from the primaries and the passion of our base, we're gonna take over.
Even after authority board members had the mind to fire Rankin, it took a month of negotiations to decide whether to do it "for cause," which would have sent Rankin packing without any severance pay, or "not-for-cause," which could have required the board to pay Rankin $242,000 severance.
LONDON (AP) — England fullback Kyle Walker has signed a new contract at Tottenham, tying him to the Premier League club until the end of the 2016-17 season.
The New York Film Critics Circle announced their annual prizes on Tuesday, marking the start of the end of the movie year, and the beginning of the Oscar-focused awards season.
After Mom, Florence Terry, died in 1993, her trunk came to my house. But the old taboo kept me from opening it for years. On what would have been her 100th birthday, I ventured to lift the lid. The contents were not earth-shaking, but revealing.
John Sebastian
Bauman markets shirts on Etsy, an eBay-type marketplace for handmade and vintage items. He's thinking of studying graphic design, starting at De Anza College next year.
SANJINES, JORGE H & LORENA VALDEZ
"We had a family rule," Rodde says. "You either had to play sports and go to school or work and go to school." Rodde chose sports, enrolling at USC and walking onto the swim team. After blowing out his shoulder, however, he tended bar and worked as a bouncer at a cafe while he earned his degree in economics.
ABOUT RIKVIN:
For more information and tickets, which are $300 or $750 each for VIP access, visit www .lucasoil.com/indy500soiree or call (317) 423-3590.
Commercial aerial photographer Fred Emmert and pilot Ron Smeets scan the skies as our single-engine Cessna nears Corona Municipal Airport.
TAMPA, Fla. — Michael Pineda was in front of his locker, bravely answering questions in English, a language he’s not entirely comfortable speaking.
Playwright Marcus Gardley's "Dance of the Holy Ghosts," which had a reading at the Playwrights' Center in January, has been in the works for nearly 10 years.
“All of a sudden, I'll go, 'I played on that!' ” Womack says.
There's no checklist for a return, Roberts said, only constant conversations with his doctors to monitor his progression. "Almost every night, we go through what I did that day and what I want to accomplish the next day," Roberts said. "Based on how you're feeling, you kind of move along with that."
So far, seven people have been charged.
Ask yourself this question: If the proposed library is so good for Gladstone, why don't they want us to vote on it? They would be making all their impassioned pleas if we were actually voting on the library. We are voting on the right to vote. The City Council should have put it on the ballot and let the supporters garner enough votes for it to pass and get built. If 3-394 and 3-395 pass, they should do exactly that. What is so wrong with allowing the taxpayers to vote?
"It's awesome," said Jagdish Singh, a test engineer, clutching a Koh coconut water and a Vivaloe aloe drink, similar to those he enjoyed in his native India. "This can only happen in Google. Nowhere else."
In recent years "Star Wars Day" has become a day for fans of George Lucas' space opera to salute the movies they love (and perhaps some of those they loathe) by dressing up as their favorite characters.
He argues logging weakened spotted owls to the point barred owls could expand rapidly. Amending habitat loss is the first step in rebalancing the playing field, he says.
Some dishes benefit from reinterpretation. Slow-cooked veal short ribs ($37) are enhanced with Jurancon red wine and truffles, doused with a rich sauce with chunks of sweetbreads and accompanied by an endive gratin and three sculpted leaves of raw endive. Halibut ($31) is poached and lightly smoked, topped with caviar and served with farro and two logs of duck-fat fries, spring onions and an oyster lemon broth that the waiter pours on tableside.
Ricardo Legorreta Vilchis was born May 7, 1931, to one of Mexico's wealthiest and most prominent families. His father, Luis, and his uncle Agustin founded BancoMex, the largest bank in the country. Legorreta became fascinated by architecture as a high school student and enrolled in the late 1940s at the National University of Mexico, where he studied with Villagran, at the time among the most prominent architects in the country.
Louis B. Murray becomes Serge, disarmingly open and eager to share his beloved acquisition before registering disappointed shock at Marc's reaction. Ensemble player Murray lends an intriguing rhythm to the dialogue interplay and provides sharp comedy in monologues and exchanges.
"We have emerged from bankruptcy with significantly less debt, more working capital and a stronger financial position to enable us to compete more effectively in pursuing business opportunities to provide energy storage solutions for electric grid, transportation and industrial applications," the company's interim CEO, Alex Sorokin, said in an announcement.
Jeff Shen, a managing director at asset manager BlackRock, says investors should consider buying "the real thing"—Chinese equities. The P/E ratio of the FactSet Aggregate China Index, a gauge of Chinese stocks, is about 9.9, below its 15-year average of 12, according to FactSet Research Systems data.
5004 Telegraph Ave. (near 51st Street), Oakland; (510) 450-0522 or donatomas.com.
The GSA took the Custom House to auction after other efforts to find a new owner failed. The first option under federal law was to see whether any agency that works with the homeless was interested. None was.
In addition to his admiration for the way the franchise has been building, Scott has a special place in his heart for Oklahoma City. The Hornets played their home games here for two seasons after Hurricane Katrina.
The OTS conducted the review in March and interviewed 733 car drivers and 560 motorcyclists.
Forty girls signed up for the camp and have been eating up computer-aided design software and RobotC, software for programming robots at an intense pace that surprised even Loberger.
The others pleaded guilty to reduced misdemeanor offenses.
Will Rogers, the humorist and actor who once lived here, surely knew how to pick a place. His philosophy: "I never met a man I didn't like." The perfect sentiment for Valentine's Day.
Some travelers who had arranged trips to New York say they are creeped out about staying in hotels and visiting attractions as new reports of bedbugs seem to pop up every few days. And officials in Mayor Michael Bloomberg's administration are concerned about the effect on the city's image and $30 billion tourism industry.
If you're like most of us, there's probably a good chance you've made fun of a person's middle name at some point in your life. As an adult, such teasing is usually done with a modicum of good-naturedness - as in "Really? What were your parents thinking?" - but I have memories of mean kids getting cruel about it, as though the victims of their jabs actually had something to do with selecting their own unusual names.
Sweeney, stressing compromise within his own party, was impressed by Christie’s ability to make quick decisions and understand the wide-ranging powers of the New Jersey governorship. But Sweeney said he used what he learned from the budget talks to hang tough in the battle with Christie on how to cap property taxes.
The iPad's large battery could make it the first 4G device to reliably withstand a day of use.
State law says police can use deadly force to protect themselves or others from what they "reasonably believe" to be an imminent threat of death or serious physical injury. No Multnomah County grand jury in recent memory has indicted an officer in a fatal shooting. How reasonableness is interpreted is based on a U.S. Supreme Court ruling in Graham v. Connor, which held that the reasonableness of a particular use of force must be judged "from the perspective of a reasonable officer on the scene, rather than with the 20/20 vision of hindsight."
The state awarded too many grants this year because it overestimated student attrition -- the number of grant applicants who would decide not to enroll in the fall or drop out during the winter and spring terms, Dennis Johnson, executive director, told the commission. More students persisted than usual, he said, probably because of the recession.
SOUTH ORANGE — Seton Hall University will spend the next few weeks analyzing what went wrong with its failed presidential search and preparing for a second shot at finding another leader, school officials said Wednesday.
Opposition Social Democrat Peer Steinbrueck shot back that "this strategy of buying time has failed because times have got worse."
The Indiana Department of Revenue's programming error, announced April 5, cost 91 of the state's 92 counties a combined $206 million in 2011 and 2012. (Lake County doesn't assess county income taxes.)
I could say that it's because I don't care what my neighbors think. And if you ever saw me get the paper in the morning in my boxers and black rubber boots, you'd know that's partially true. But I do feel a bit guilty, not that I'm creating an eyesore, but that my dandelions' seeds, millions of them, get lifted by the wind and carried to the rest of the yards in the neighborhood. When I drive around I feel a bit like John Edwards: "Oh, there's one of my babies!" "There's another!"
During the Oct. 7 presidential debate, John McCain proposed to spend $300 billion of other people's money to buy "bad" mortgages. This is a very misguided proposal. Even if the myriad details were handled correctly, McCain's "American Homeownership Resurgence Plan" would be a very costly and risky form of intervention.
"Davis has been escalating his violence and has got to the point where he may either seriously injure or kill someone," a Seminole County deputy wrote in an arrest report in December 2008. "Davis is an imminent threat to the public."
Those who don<U+0092>t tune out can listen to the center<U+0092>s pounding pulse of heavy metal songs.
4377 McPherson Av, $440,000
The big jump gave the Ducks 10 team points on a day in which they all but wrapped up the women's team title. And, Youngblood did it in front of a cheering section that seemed to take up a big chunk of the stadium.
10.5 percent: Share of American workers in manufacturing.
The information at risk includes trade secrets, business plans, private information about clients, customers and employees — anything that can be stored or operated on a computer. Hackers also can disable networks, paralyzing businesses.
"When you're buying stock, you're gambling. You're taking a chance," Prokop said. At 86, he's not interested in gambling with his retirement again.
He openly admits he was not a good student and "barely finished" high school. He never considered college.
Sarver had two young bowfishermen aboard on a muggy July morning. Addison Demanes and Kyle Ihnken of Peoria, Ill., were invited to try their hand at shooting airborne carp. It isn't easy to hit a moving target.
Couples wasn't the only one
"General Motors set the stage," said Ontario Mayor Ken Bender. "It is the catalyst."
There were little snippets of athleticism Tuesday that showed promise for the Wizards. Rookie point guard John Wall – the No. 1 pick in last summer’s draft – several times raced downcourt while displaying the blazing speed that makes him so difficult to contain in a fastbreak.
Some say they're willing to get arrested, staging surprise actions to make their point — that financial inequality is destroying our society.
Gingrich argued that a drawn-out campaign would give states like California, which holds its primary June 5, a large role in the nominating contest.
Drivers will be able to choose from three powertrains:
The world's largest drugmaker said Friday it was studying the drug in patients with HIV neuropathy, which is nerve damage characterized by burning pain that usually starts in the feet. An early analysis of study data showed that pain symptom improvements were nearly identical to those patients treated with a placebo.
And there have been numerous home invasion robberies in Arcata, Mendosa said.
Plosser, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, worries that the Fed's program may soon "backfire on us" and spur inflation if "we don't begin to gradually reverse course."
current and relevant, but the badge
The contract covers the 780 workers who make hydraulic components and systems for Caterpillar machines at the Joliet facility. About 250 to 300 of those workers are so-called second-tier workers, being paid $13 dollars per hour. The others get as much as $28 dollars per hour.
I think everyone assumes I'm taken again in the sequel, but what I can tell you is it's not a coincidental abduction. It's fueled by a personal vendetta. We're talking blood feud. Actually, it's my parents who are taken. There's a car chase through Istanbul that beats any car chase I've ever seen on screen.
That practice is no longer allowed. "We absolutely do not underwrite the expectation of a tax credit in a loan anymore," Buckley said.
That enthusiasm for using Cherokee-themed technology is what will help keep the tribe's language, and thus its culture, alive in generations to come, Smith said.
If people in Egypt, and elsewhere in the region, could see a serious reform process put in place, "they would be willing to wait," Muasher says. "But things like bringing sons to power are out," he emphasizes, referring to Mubarak's reputed plan to have his son Gamal succeed him as president.
I find that taking pictures gets in the way of enjoying the experience. But I'm also lucky that there are so many people around me who are taking pictures.
Q: I am a book lover who has managed to accumulate several dozen early editions that I think might be valuable. How can I find out current values without hiring an appraiser? - Mark, Litchfield Park.
Q: What is the best part of doing this?
The club rumbles beneath half the hotel rooms, as do the nearby trains throughout the evening. It all makes for a cacophony of sounds -- there is little opportunity to nod off to sleep early -- but peace and quiet are not really what they're selling at the Hotel Congress. (Some quiet rooms are available upon request.) It's more of a complete entertainment -- and even culinary -- experience.
You can reduce it further by substituting nonfat Greek-style yogurt in place of sour cream. Greek-style yogurt's custard-like texture makes it a great stand-in.
But it is known that Logan has interviewed for the position at Colorado's largest high school. A source said Tuesday that an announcement will occur today if he is to lead the Bruins.
On Thursday, Carlson will celebrate his first anniversary as the leader of St. Louis Catholics, and he reiterated Sunday that one of his main focuses in the year to come will be on Catholic education.
They also said the petition sections substantially comply with Colorado Election Code, and that Weissmann's constitutional right to run for office — and voters' right to participate by signing a petition — should not be hampered by technical or statutory provisions, particularly if they were honest mistakes that weren't made in an attempt to defraud.
Because it seemed to implicate others in the hacking, the email had the potential to blow a hole through News International's fiercely held contention that one reporter alone had engaged in hacking. If James Murdoch knew about the email - and was aware of its implication - it would lend weight to the suggestion he'd approved the payoff in an effort to bury the scandal.
The traveling salesman reported his 100th burned-out traffic signal bulb to Road Rant on Thursday. He phones in whenever he sees a non-glowing green or red light on his drives, and Road Rant passes the tip along to the city's traffic commissioner. Crews typically replace the bulb within a day or so of the notification.
Jefferson City at Notre Dame de Sion
An art jury made up of city officials and Art Association members made the selections. The one by Hinkle contained a misspelling in the name of the Gudauskas surfing family, but the jury liked the artwork so much that the city selected it, leaving it to the artist to use the correct spelling on the utility box.
According to county records, Peggy Mason had applied for a job on one of the county's boards of revision, three-member panels that hear taxpayers' challenges to their property assessments.
To grapple with the mystery and its ramifications, Nelsen intertwines three stories -- that of a reporter and a prostitute he befriends as he tries to crack the case; a love triangle involving a neighborhood bartender; and the proprietor of a music hall -- frequently shifting our perspectives on who might be a suspect, who a victim.
“That’s a big-market team that will pay the market to win,” Brodeur said, “and no matter how they did it, (goaltending) has always been that missing piece.”
8517 Richard Av, $36,100
Middle-income households would see their post-tax paychecks eroded by anywhere from $800 to $1,500 and the rich would see their incomes decline by about 1.7 percent, according to the congressional auditors.
I'll break down the particulars below, but it's likely the Lakers will let down their guard tonight in Game 2. The reasons go beyond the inevitable adjustments from a playoff series. The Lakers have followed many signature wins, including ones against the Clippers, Celtics, Heat and Spurs, with clunkers. The Lakers may say the mind-set changes when the playoffs hit. But it's possible they believe Denver has no chance of beating them. Hence, the possible letdown.
SOLID NUMBERS
In the process, she highlighted a wonderful little website for genealogy enthusiasts who are trying to run down information on relatives in Central Florida.
My last and final thought was, what a scam. How the do we know if it will really help keep our children safe from a cold, or the flu? They also have a juice being introduced at the same time, and this one supports brain development due to the added DHA.
Four goals in quick succession in the second period -- by Jack Johnson (Michigan), Bobby Ryan, French forward Pierre-Edouard Bellemare and Max Pacioretty (U-M) -- gave the Americans a 4-2 lead over the French.
Last weekend, at a meeting in Paris, the finance chiefs from the Group of 20 leading economies, opened the door for a larger role by the IMF, but only if the eurozone first does its part.
Turns out you can get the same relief just by looking at pictures of them. A new book of dog photos is bound to trigger floods of happy hormones. But be warned: If you don't have a dog, you'll want one real bad after even a cursory glance at these pooches.
The loss snapped a 33-game winning streak for the Eagles (33-2).
Wolf tore up the tickets like so much confetti, only there was no celebration in his voice.
Reilly also told reporters at the Detroit auto show today that he expects to finish restructuring GM's Opel operations this month. He says changes that combine GM Europe and Opel management will be announced Friday or Monday.
Known for her striking red curls and meteoric rise from junior employee to top editor at News of the World, Brooks said Cameron was a personal friend and a neighbor in the picturesque Cotswolds area of southern England.
Stricker shot 30 on the front nine Friday and followed it with a 31 on the front nine Saturday. Bogeys at No. 15 and No. 16 put him at 2-over on the back and allowed Jonathan Byrd to close within three shots at 9-under par. Brandt Jobe and Matt Kuchar -- a Stricker clone in training -- are a shot behind Byrd at 8-under.
The route features a plunging 16-mile descent, ending in Prospect.
"After a rather long and awkward pause, a woman that I didn't really know came up and picked up the shiny red ball and held it up for all to see. With her arm held up high, she threw the ornament down hard on the wooden floor and there was a 50-dollar bill! I really had the best ornament and a great story to tell my friends and family."
By law, schools must complete between 810 and 990 hours, depending on grade level. But districts can request a state waiver to go below that number for a maximum of two consecutive years.
To Button's surprise, a state Appeals Court judge agreed. "I'm no lawyer, but I knew we abolished debtors prisons in this country a very long time ago," said Button, 50, who now lives in Hawesville, Ky.
She was impressed with the camaraderie among the Marines. "She wanted to be a part of that," recalled her brother, Paul Meyer of Kirkwood.
Advancing stocks narrowly outpaced those that fell on the New York Stock Exchange, where volume came to 1.2 billion shares compared with 1.1 billion Monday.
"We have about four or five colleges focused on him right now," Popovic said. "I think he is definitely going to get scholarships. There are many teams calling me and calling him wanting to talk to him. I think it is just a matter of time now where he will choose a school."
On April 3, the Reserve Bank of Australia said it might cut rates if inflation doesn't become a problem. On Tuesday, Australia reported inflation of just 1.6% during the first three months of 2012 from the same period last year, down from a 3.1% rate during the fourth quarter of 2011. That has some investors expecting a rate cut at the next meeting on May 1. The MSCI Australia Index rose 0.6% during the three days after the inflation announcement.
While I understand the reasons for tonight’s episode, I don’t think that’s an excuse. Even with a limited roster, WWE could produce an episode of Smackdown that features lengthier matches. Maybe it’s the fact I didn’t watch wrestling when any of these performers were at the top of their game or that part of my hopes and dreams died when Dean Ambrose posted a picture of airplane tickets on Twitter indicating he wouldn’t be debuting, but this show just didn’t appeal to me. Here’s hoping next week’s shows from across the pond step up the quality again.
* With Lance Berkman mending, it will be interesting to see if teams start looking for other ways to go after Matt Carpenter. He's off to a great start, and usually pitchers will take note of that and adjust. It's a little early to pinpoint trends, but the data shows Carpenter has done very well when pitchers try to go inside on him. Pitchers are pumping a lot of fastballs at Carpenter, and he's fighting them off. But Carpenter has done a lot of damage on mistake pitches, changeups and sliders. He's batting .500 against both of those pitches in the early stages.
It seems like every week, I<U+0092>m sitting here writing that overall, things are all right. Even though the Tigers have not been a good team for the first month plus of the season, they still are a good team and will begin to show it at some point. The best news remains that the division is mediocre, so they haven<U+0092>t played their way out of it. And once they get rolling, they should be able to reclaim first place and start to pull away from the Indians and the White Sox. But I can only babble about that so much and as the weeks pass and that still hasn<U+0092>t happened, people will start to wonder.
3 stars
Recreational demands have become so strained that this year the park instituted a daily lottery for permits to climb Half Dome, where congestion often was so bad that hikers followed heel-to-toe up the steep, slippery grade.
Their total installation cost was in the thousands of dollars, but rebates and other incentives "helped make it a good move and cut the price substantially, to make it a practical decision," Elaine said.
The bus driver was also taken to Tuality Community Hospital but the truck driver was not injured.
Oregon State found itself down one after Arizona scored in the first on a single by Seth Mejias-Brean. The Beavers, however, jumped on Arizona starter Kurt Heyer for three runs in the bottom half of the inning.
"His dad had the same kind of gutsy attitude Jim has," said longtime entertainment attorney Randall Tigue, who has represented Jim Carlson in several civil and criminal legal battles.
The USATF could not have picked a day to attempt to publicize one of its national championships that was more guaranteed to marginalize the coverage it would receive from mainstream media outlets.
North Carolina coach Roy Williams recruited both, Feinberg recounted.
Brown said Lewis never personally solicited money, tickets or anything of value from construction vendors. He also stressed that Lewis was not responsible for the bidding process and deciding who received construction contracts.
Rescuers waded into the water in hopes of slipping the dolphin into a harness and guiding it through an inlet and back out to sea. But the dolphin proved elusive. It swam in circles, chasing fish. Occasionally it splashed. And sometimes it nosed under the water and seemed to disappear.
<U+0093>We're really trying to work together to get better coffee,<U+0094> Cates says. <U+0093>I think of it more like relationship coffee.<U+0094>
Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson said after the speech that he expects a collaborative approach to redevelopment.
The school has gone so far as to draft renderings and blueprints of a new building, which would probably rise just west of the old edifice. Cost: $79 million.
"There's undeniable rage still about how this could happen," Steve Sneiderman told the AJC earlier this week. He lives near his parents in suburban Cleveland, Ohio. "Then there's an almost constant state of disbelief. I'll be driving in the car and I'll hear a song and it just hits me.
"We've known for some time that bad air is associated with heart problems," Araujo said. "But this got our attention."
The Public Service Commission is expected to make a decision by Feb. 17.
I'm with Daley on the fee, but disagree that it's just a food festival. Actually, I'm guessing the mayor would articulate a defense similar to mine on the positives the Taste offers. I worry his successor will come along and think it is just food and start chipping away at something really special.
Saturday night: Clear, with a low around 55. Northwest wind between 5 and 8 mph.
"This is our seat!" Kucinich said from the stage. "Let's keep it! Let's make it happen!"
I am not particularly annoyed by the overall protests. It's an American tradition for the aggrieved to take to the streets. These folks need an economic lesson at the very least, and none of us should tolerate violence or destruction. But many of the Occupiers appear more open to ideas than our state legislators, who continually express similar ill-defined anti-corporate sentiments. To those who run California's grotesquely large and bumbling state government, the problem always is the same: the private sector, a good bit of which is fleeing to other states.
On the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic, and the 15th anniversary of the feature film he made about it, Cameron talked to me from shipboard as he awaited the moment to take his record-setting dip as part of a National Geographic project.
China's government-controlled news media so far have ignored the story, despite its gripping narrative and the serious implications it could have on U.S.-Chinese relations.
Back at the school, Couzens felt like he was suffocating, that the world was closing in on him. He just wanted to forget the shame.
Tollefson, 26, had extra incentive to qualify for these Trials <U+0096> his fiancée, Lindsay Nelson, already had.
Saturday Dec. 11: Presbyterian, Columbia, Mo., 4 p.m. MSN
Alongside Backes, literally and figuratively, assistant captain Alex Steen has nine goals and 10 assists and is among the NHL's leaders in plus-minus at plus-14. On the opposite flank, T.J. Oshie has nine goals, 10 assists and a plus-6. Steen and Oshie represent the nails in the toolbox; the 227-pound Backes is the hammer.
"After we finished the first book, we heard from several people who said they would have contributed if they had known about it," said Stephens, the association's director. "We didn't expect to do a second book."
Mrs. Mang was born in Elgin, Ill., on Feb. 22, 1935. When her father learned that Consolidated Aircraft was hiring, the family moved to San Diego, where she fell in love with the coastal lifestyle. She and her first husband, Ralph Mansfield, were married for three years and had two children, Liz and Steve Mansfield.
What do you do now if you're Magic coach Stan Van Gundy?
Steve Lonegan, state director of Americans for Prosperity, a conservative advocacy group, said Doherty is the right choice because voters are looking for a conservative alternative to Menendez.
Don's life takes several unexpected turns when his divorced dad, a deadbeat when it came to child support, suddenly offers him the chance and money to attend progressive Reed College in Portland, Ore., instead of the Baptist school that awarded him a scholarship.
Judge Diane Pinkus, sitting in New Brunswick, also ordered Frank Rendfrey, 37, to pay Angela Paranzino's mother, Cindy, more than $9,600 in restitution to pay for the items he took from the apartment she shared with her daughter after he killed the woman.
Richard P. Camano, 20, of the first block of Santa Anita Court, was arrested as a fugitive from Pennsylvania Friday.
"I don't think that, frankly, in Maryland there will be a group of Republicans who I think will think Santorum reflects their positions," he said. "In Maryland, the suburban voter tends to be more of a moderate."
The $600 process will take about seven hours and include a hot stone massage followed by a Caribbean body treatment involving cane sugar and salt body exfoliation, a detoxifying seaweed masque, mango and cocoa butter massage and a hydrating orange body mist.
Do people recognize you on the street?
In the late '80s and '90s he appeared in memorable productions at the Unicorn Theatre (<U+0093>The Lisbon Traviata,<U+0094> <U+0093>Falsettoland<U+0094>), the American Heartland Theatre (<U+0093>Sherlock's Last Case<U+0094>), the Tiffany's Attic and Waldo Astoria dinner theaters (<U+0093>Smoke on the Mountain<U+0094>) and Quality Hill Playhouse (<U+0093>Forbidden Broadway<U+0094>).
Ambulatory Surgical Center Association, $5,000
"I'm not going to pay money I'm not asked for," Pinault said.
Grade: Three and a half stars
"When we go to Talladega or Daytona, I feel like I have a good chance of winning every time I go," said Earnhardt, a five-time Talladega winner. "You just have to make good decisions. You really don't have to count on the other important things that you do at other tracks. I feel like my confidence goes up when I come here."
Early in the second period, Lake Erie's penalty kill was terrific against the AHL's eighth-ranked power play. Texas failed to take advantage of a hooking penalty against defenseman Dean Strong (3:02) and a double-minor for high-sticking against David Liffiton (5:29).
SPONSOR: State Water Heaters
Already, the decision has been disastrous for Galveston. Patterson halted a $40 million beach re-nourishment project since tax money can't exactly be spent hauling sand to private beaches. Whether tax money can be spent cleaning up after the next natural disaster remains to be seen.
Then we come to the beer can chicken ($14.50) and all the unsightly, undignified things that have to happen for it to get cooked. It's an eye-catching name, to be sure. It is also called beer-butt chicken, because, well, that's where you stick the can. During the cooking process, the beer builds moisture and flavor in the meat.
SUSPENDED LICENSE/DRUG POSSESSION, BOSTON ROAD: Police cited a Boston Road man for driving with a suspended license at 7:04 a.m. March 14. The man who arrived to pick the suspect up was found to be in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. He was cited for drug abuse and drug paraphernalia possession and was released.
In 1995, before reform, 62 percent of families with children below the income poverty line received assistance under AFDC. By 2008, that number had fallen to 22 percent, according to a study of government data compiled by the Institute of Policy Studies and three other social service organizations.
May 2 and 3 -- 5/2 and 5/3 -- were the "birthdays" of the Five Deuce gang, which takes its name from 52nd Street, and Five Trey, which takes its name from 53rd Street. The gangs were planning public celebrations, and there had been a series of shootings in the neighborhood. The tension on some blocks was palpable. It had the makings of a long weekend.
Directed by Mike Mitchell. With the voices of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas, Walt Dohrn. Now playing in New Jersey.
The law says a teacher must obtain "full state certification" to be highly qualified. But regulations adopted by the Bush administration in 2002, and California in 2004, allowed noncredentialed interns to be considered highly qualified if they were in state-approved training programs and were making progress toward certification.
Storekeepers said basketball fans - students and older residents alike - began crowding the entertainment strip of bars, restaurants and specialty shops near the Kansas campus, well before 5 p.m. in anticipation of the game against the heavily favored Wildcats.
If not providence, it was at least convenient. Jerry Herrmann, Earth Crusaders executive director, organized the cleanup, which falls on the 101st birthday of the city, for the seventh year in a row. This year, he was offered about 1,000 Boy Scouts to help. He assured them he only needed 200 at most, and counting community members, they reached that goal.
On the other hand, one could argue that no rules or generalizations apply to Jobs and Apple. Sutton, at Stanford, wrote years ago that there was evidence that the more famous CEOs were distracted by all that public scrutiny, to the detriment of their companies. But, he says, "Jobs clearly doesn't fit into that category."
Class 3 District 5 at Vashon
Gordon, who wrote about her father and his many deceptions in "The Shadow Man," tackles the life of her mother, Anna Gagliano, in this moving memoir. Reflecting on Anna's life, Gordon sees much more than one woman's biography: "My mother's story is a story of physical affliction (polio, alcoholism, senile dementia), and of a historical moment importantly colored by the experience of immigration, world war, and the Great Depression. It is the story of a particular moment in American Catholicism, and of the American working class."
More than 70,000 were killed, gassed to death or otherwise murdered between 1939 and 1941. Public protests stopped the wholesale massacres then, but thousands more of those deemed inferior lost their lives at the hands of sadistic doctors and nurses until the end of the war.
"YES!" the crowd responded. And headed for the exits.
There's nothing wrong with not wanting kids, and your fear of having your life upended makes emotional sense. Either you can project enough joy in family life to accept that kids' needs are anything but convenient or you can't.
Memorial donations can be made to the Stockton Fire Company First Aid Squad, Box 100, Stockton 08559.
"Despite the understandable concern about economic growth, businesses are still investing," said Jennifer Lee, senior economist at BMO Capital Markets.
It's been more than three decades, but Deborah Bailey-Kpazahi still hums the jingle when she sees a street corner trash basket: "Trash Ball, it's a neat game everybody can win. Let me show you how to play."
Hunter's attorney, Nancy Salomone, said the incident was a typical case of resisting arrest that just happened to end in an unfortunate injury, and that Hunter has made significant efforts to try and make amends.
Ultimately, history may judge the space shuttle program on the number of miles or days logged in space. However, the program's most transformative legacy lies in the number of youngsters who were encouraged to shoot for the stars after watching someone like them blast into space.
As when Octavia Spencer, long considered a shoo-in for "The Help," rose uncertainly to accept her best supporting actress prize, as her costars cheered her on and the audience jumped to its feet.
In the Merrimack Valley Conference, Lowell (4-5) edged Tewksbury, 9-8, behind junior attack Brian Walsh’s three goals and an assist. Jack Maloney added two goals and an assist for the Red Raiders.
One option is to place a limit order that says you are willing to buy at a particular price or less, says Mike Haub, a senior trader with Vanguard Brokerage Services.
The aim of the cafe is to provide a place for holders of medical marijuana cards to smoke together. Patrons also will be required to buy a $35 annual membership in Oregon NORML, available at the door, and pay monthly dues of $20 and a $5 entry fee. Marijuana will not be sold but will be available through donations by growers licensed under Oregon's medical marijuana program.
"You just have to give everything you've got," said Camacho, summing up his high school football experience. "You have to work as a team and not for personal gain."
Andy Gammon's body was found between barge tie-ups upstream of the bridge construction site. East St. Louis Police chief Michael Floore said police confirmed the body was Gammon.
Horizon Commissioner Jon LeCrone didn't specify what the exit fee would be if Butler left.
Tilda Swinton looked like an avant-garde mother-of-the-bride; Emily Watson and Taissa Farmiga both opted for depressed shades of mauve (and Watson's was tragically ill-fitting, particularly around the bust); Nicole Kidman's studded gray gown was interesting, but her boobs looked aerodynamic, in a bad way; Michelle Williams' purple velvet gown was heavy and bit dowdy for her age; and Jessica Biel looked, to be blunt, like a Victorian porn star.
A variation of that can happen here, too. William Weinstein, who runs Center of Excellence, an inventors incubator in downtown Portland, recalls hearing about a local businessman who'd studied a product, read up on its patent and, after allowing for the cost of a potential lawsuit from the patent-holder, created an identical product and came out ahead dollarwise.
Aleksandra (Slokar) Darrah, Denver. Director of business development, Avnet Inc.
In April, 10 large U.S. banks agreed to a U.S. Treasury order to clean up their foreclosure practices after regulators found, among other things, foreclosures launched with improperly signed or missing mortgage documents. In the order, the banks agreed to submit a plan in June "to ensure appropriate controls and oversight" of MERS. The institutions admitted no wrongdoing.
? cup (1 stick) unsalted butter
"Where we are right now, we have a lot of mistakes that need to be corrected," Snyder said. "We have a plethora of mistakes on offense to correct. Defensively, there aren't quite as many. We have to challenge the players to try to improve."
The Browns (3-3) didn’t reach the end zone, but Dawson bailed them out with kicks of 52 and 53 yards, his first career game with two makes over 50. Despite weeks of drama and injuries for first-year coach Pat Shurmur, Cleveland has a .500 record after six games for just the fourth time since its 1999 expansion rebirth.
The two school districts, which border one another at the southern end of Somerset County, are the only ones in the county that did not move school elections to coincide with the general election in November. That means they're also the only ones in the county to give voters the opportunity to reject their proposed 2012-13 school year budget levies.
The plans were discussed in a conference call with analysts after Wendy's released its fourth-quarter results, which it had issued on a preliminary basis in January. As part of its broader growth efforts, the company said it plans to increase its capital expenditures this year to $225 million, a $78 million increase from last year.
The club rumbles beneath half the hotel rooms, as do the nearby trains throughout the evening. It all makes for a cacophony of sounds -- there is little opportunity to nod off to sleep early -- but peace and quiet are not really what they're selling at the Hotel Congress. (Some quiet rooms are available upon request.) It's more of a complete entertainment -- and even culinary -- experience.
That feeling is shared by Jay Rothman, who will produce ESPN's coverage.
"Ms. Manning becomes defensive when concerns are raised, and has made statements about wanting to give the minors back to the Dept. because it is too much hassle now."
Pine Lawn Chief Rickey Collins and another officer pursued the man about half a mile until the driver struck a light pole. The man then ran from the car and Collins ran after him. Collins said the man made a motion as if he had a gun, and Collins fired at him.
The Huron report also confirmed what the drafters of Measure B already knew: The time to develop renewable energy sources in Los Angeles is now. L.A.'s power needs are expected to grow by 100 megawatts a year; Measure B's 400 megawatts of solar power would help meet that demand without further polluting our air and straining our aging and overloaded power distribution grid. Importantly, it would not require the construction of expensive, time-intensive and environmentally sensitive transmission lines from the desert. State and federal laws require the DWP to increase renewable energy or risk steep fines; Measure B would help the utility reach these benchmarks on time.
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., called for Svinicki's prompt confirmation.
"So many of the catering staff, even the DJ, came up to me at the end of the evening and told me it was the best prom they'd ever been associated with," Brandts said. "The kids had fun and did it right. No nonsense around the edges, just danced their hearts out and had a good time.
It said the government's decision to strip Mr. Bo of his positions in the Politburo and Central Committee and launch an investigation into his wife, Gu Kailai, in connection with the murder last year of British businessman Neil Heywood in Chongqing "has received the earnest support of the vast majority of party members and the masses."
President Barack Obama spoke out about the Martin tragedy, saying on Friday, the same day as the LeBron tweet, "I think every parent in America should be able to understand why it is absolutely imperative that we investigate every aspect of this.
Indy not only parted with four-time MVP quarterback Peyton Manning this year, but also lost tight end Jacob Tamme to free agency and isn't expected to bring back injury-ravaged veteran Dallas Clark.
He said Li, who was a research chemist in the Lawrenceville office of Bristol-Myers Squib, had access to thallium at work, but he would not comment on whether or not that's where she may have allegedly obtained it.
O'Keefe started playing basketball as a fifth-grader as Frohardt Elementary School and went on to play at Coolidge Middle School.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury fell to 2.06 percent from 2.07 percent Tuesday. The lower yield indicates investors are willing to accept a lower return in exchange for security.
No player spoke out more strongly than Reggie Bush, who played for the Saints from 2006-2010. Bush, via his Twitter account, called the suspensions "outrageous."
But, Bailin says, "Usually, people don't remember getting the tattoo anyway," so they don't recall the pain in that process. They may have been under the influence of alcohol when they got the body art.
In Trenton, a crowd of fewer than 30 people gathered at the Statehouse to protest the state’s recent shift of more pension and health benefit costs to public workers.
A: I think Nate's drinking is certainly a problem not just for himself, but for the team, because of the danger that he can put them in. They have a dilemma -- they're not sure if they like drunk Nate or sober Nate. They've seen both. Sober Nate can be kind of ornery, a difficult person to be around. Drunk Nate -- it depends which drunk Nate it is. There can sometimes be the functioning one, who's thinking more clearly.
"Our agenda was large enough to fill many lifetimes," Ayers writes in his 2001 memoir, "Fugitive Days." "We wanted to teach the children, feed the hungry, shelter the homeless, fight the power, and end the war. We saw our country as a marauding monster, galloping along leaving behind dead, inert things. We would stop it."
That brings us to the point guards. Marquis Teague is good, Damian Lillard is better and Kendall Marshall, a borderline lottery pick, is the best of the bunch. There is no Derrick Rose, no Kyrie Irving and no John Wall -- no elite point guard who immediately would pose a threat to Curry.
Desert Caballeros Western Museum is one of the elite museums in the state, and it keeps finding ways to improve. Last month, the pavilion was enclosed to create the new Cultural Crossroads Learning Center, expanding the museum by 4,000 square feet. Cowboy life and art are well represented with works by Albert Bierstadt, Charles Russell, Frederic Remington and other heavyweights. Plenty of Western memorabilia accompanies the art, as well as historical dioramas and Native American artifacts. Through Sunday, Feb. 26, don't miss "Arizona Ghost Towns: The Photography of Kurt Wenner." It's a haunting portrayal of Arizona's frontier past, especially appropriate on the eve of the centennial. $7.50, $6 for seniors, free for active members of the military and age 17 and younger.
<U+FFFD> cup oyster sauce
Summer weekend tip: The city's 25-year-old Jazz in the Parks offers free Friday night concerts at three parks over the summer, beginning June 25. Despite the name, the music ranges from big band to Afro-Cuban to blues. The two-hour concerts begin at 6 p.m. Go to carlsbadca.gov/arts for the full schedule
Anderson previously served as director of career services at Sunset Hills. She started with Vatterott College in February 2009 as career services coordinator at its NorthPark location.
"I was born here and grew up here," Sakurai said. "Right now I've made up my mind to stay here and contribute to the local people."
But the former Ohio State provost, who was involved with Tressel's hiring in 2001 before leaving Ohio State in 2003, made the point that it's a good thing the decision isn't up to him.
Since Yost also said he planned to keep Bruce Chen on his regular day, which would be Friday, that would allow Paulino, who pitched Monday in a rehab start at Class AA Northwest Arkansas, to pitch Saturday on regular rest.
"Here is an alternative: If journalists told their audience that the suspect was about 5-foot-8, about 165 pounds, with caramel-brown skin, wavy, dark brown hair about an inch long, thick eyebrows, a narrow nose, thick lips, and a light mustache, people could pick me from a lineup of men whose skin and face were different from mine. Nobody would need to know my race. It wouldn't matter if I was descended from Africans, spoke Spanish, worshipped Allah, lived on a reservation, or called a Hawaiian woman mother.
Determining the full extent of the misreporting is impossible, the audit indicates. Teachers reported that some manual attendance records were missing. One teacher's door had been "kicked in," and his records were gone, the audit said. Another teacher reported her desk had been ransacked and files were missing.
Kirkwood couldn't host the finals because it needed its facility for an after-graduation party.
The university has suspended the Rutgers chapter of the sorority.
Heat the remaining milk in the microwave or on the stove top until hot but not boiling. Set aside.
Clyde Milan, who played all of his 16 years with Washington, was a speedy center fielder who amassed 2,100 hits. He scored both of the Senators' runs in the game. A brother, Frank, acted on stage and in television for several decades, performing in "The Petrified Forest" and "Brigadoon," among others.
New Cuyahoga Now is updating its Web site and will soon be another entry point for volunteers. That address is: newcuyahoga.com
Because only 10 days have elapsed since the Cavs' shootout victory on Feb. 11, Ryan said Shaq has honored the trash-talking code of bad conduct by giving Howard a quick "rematch" in the form of a shot at rebuttal.
Mr. Loeb, 41 years old, declined ...
"Tony was there a long, long time. He's moved on. And Albert has as well. It's happened to almost every player who's played the game, especially in the last decade."
Keenan Carlisle’s guest spot as Cee Lo (or a sexy, hairless ewok as he would say on "SNL") hosting a “Voice” competition for cats. That’s a show I would probably watch in real life, at least for one episode.
The loss of the space shuttle Columbia was a historical event for our country <U+0097> resulting in the loss of human lives. The failure was attributed to a loose piece of foam insulation, the size of a small briefcase, which damaged the shuttle's thermal protection system.
Some of his concerns -- such as Kent's failure to reduce tuition at its regional campuses -- can be resolved without holding this project hostage. Fingerhut also doubts Kent needs to raise extra money to retire the bonds -- a contention school officials strongly dispute.
¼ teaspoon baking powder
But Christie must woo Democratic lawmakers for his marquee tax cut plan to be enacted. Assembly Speaker Sheila Oliver (D-Essex) and Senate President Steve Sweeney (D-Gloucester) said they favor restoring tax credits for the working poor, but blasted the income tax plan as a veiled tax cut for the rich.
St. Louis, however, bucked the trend, according to RealtyTrac. The 17-county metro area reported a 3.2 percent decline from the fourth quarter, and a 15.7 percent drop from the same quarter last year, the latest sign that foreclosures may have peaked here.
The money is enough to restore half of a teaching position in the Engineering and Auto Tech program at HilHi, meaning the school can add back two auto shop and four introductory engineering classes, Domes said this week. All donors, big or small, should be commended for stepping forward to save a program that enrolls about 180 students annually and teaches skills that, with additional training, can translate to living-wage jobs.
Let's hope lawmakers seriously contemplate the economic and social consequences for the nation of a generation of young people who simply can't land that first job.
She said she spotted the bags by the curb by the side of her house on Thursday morning. When the normal garbage pick-up was suspended for Good Friday, Thomas-Garretson said she had planned to wait for Tuesday trash pick-up, but the flies were intense.
The new institute's labs, offices and related space will occupy about a third of Malone Hall, a 56,000-square-foot research building being built on Hopkins' Homewood campus, the university said.
"They don't turn against their own," said Donald T. Norris, chairman of the public policy department at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County.
<U+0093>When it got to 17-2,<U+0094> said Aggies coach Gary Blair, <U+0093>we played them 18-18 the rest of the first half, and I thought we had a chance. If we would have hit our bunnies and got it down to a nine- or 10-point game, I think our confidence <U+0094>
With 60 days to go before the Democratic-controlled Legislature traditionally recesses for the summer, the Republican governor will begin pressing for votes on the tax cut and other initiatives he outlined in his State-of-the-State speech.
Likely choice: Andre Branch, DE, Clemson, 6-4 1/4, 260
The filing deadline for the partisan primaries is June 24. The top Democrat and top Republican in each district then will face any independents in the Nov. 2 general election. More than 115 people have pulled petitions, according to a list from the county elections board.
"I don't feel like I'm old. My right arm has been bothering me a bit, but what are you going to do? I'm not going to quit.''
_ CONSUMERS
Nanticoke Lenni-Lenape Chief Mark “Quiet Hawk” Gould finds bias in some of Becker’s assertions. “He has made some very derogatory statements that don’t sit right with the Native American community,” Gould said Monday.
"I have hesitated on gay marriage in part because I thought that civil unions would be sufficient," Obama said in the interview. He added, "I was sensitive to the fact that for a lot of people the word `marriage' was something that evokes very powerful traditions, religious beliefs and so forth."
In the ruling, Judge Timothy Taylor retroactively restored the eligibility of starting quarterback Chase Knox for the 2010 season.
Richard Madow
"They have nothing positive to run," said Sean Spicer, communications director for the Republican National Committee. "No successful incumbent, no impressive record and no thriving economy."
Although they were making their Indian-style pizzas at home for at least two years, they didn't start developing a true pizza-style crust for restaurant sale until last year. They spent four months refining the pizza dough they're using now, as well as their eight sauces -- each distinctly different -- before opening the shop in February.
The Tudor-style main house sits on 3.4 acres with guest quarters, two staff apartments, a lake, a swimming pool and a tennis court. There are 10 bedrooms and 13 bathrooms in more than 19,000 square feet of living space.
Caro appears to be in good health. He is very engaged when discussing Johnson's career, saying he is "thrilled to be doing these books."
Smith said the city intentionally increased the number of sick days employees are eligible for because Phoenix doesn't offer short-term disability. But the city's sick-leave policies have come under fire as employees are allowed to bank unused days and cash them out upon retirement.
After Dr. John Wells read John Wayne's X-rays in 1964 diagnosing his lung cancer, he told his teen daughter he was worried about the actor. Wayne went on to have successful lung surgery and became another of Dr. Wells' famous patients, who included President Ronald Reagan, J. Edgar Hoover and Gregory Peck.
What does the early ouster of the 15-1 Green Bay Packers to the eventual Super Bowl champion Giants last month have to do with Marquette’s placement in the Big East standings? Those simple, now dreaded words within the Badger state: double-bye.
—Broncos receiver Eddie Royal
How long has the shop been in business? Since 1978.
Tickets are $150 and benefit City Year, an education-focused organization. For more information and reservations, visit www.cityyear.org/sanjose or call 408.907.6543.
The birds are then placed in preening pools to finish their rehabilitation.
As a man who never liked to leave things to chance, Bill Austin made his own funeral arrangements and penned his own eulogy. He wrote his instructions well in advance of his death Jan. 12 from lung disease, and he wasn't sure who would be presiding, so he addressed his plans to "Dear Sir."
But today, the Bonneville Power Administration and Columbia Land Trust will buy the property, eventually breaching the dike and returning the land to the kind of wetlands that help young salmon rest and grow, and maybe from disappearing from the river.
Down 1-0, Meeks scored a pair of goals in just over a four-minute span to put the Pirates up before halftime.
That means people keep coming back every day, to see the credits they've earned and to spend some of them on a chance at a prize. The site even offers helpful videos so members can learn more - and earn credits by watching them.
You don't mess with a guy like that.
Right now, for the Orioles, that's a utility spot. And that's fine with him if it means making his big league debut in April.
Newport at Walnut - 8/2 -Auto theft
LiLo's dad, Michael Lohan, was arrested by Los Angeles County sheriff's deputies over allegations he held his girlfriend against her will and prevented her from calling 9-1-1.
Around the country, states take varying approaches to rounding up fugitives from supervised release or parole. Some rely simply on the web of awareness created by an active warrant. Others deputize all supervisory officers to be armed and make arrests. Some, like Minnesota, create special units to track down absconders, often with the help of supervised release agents.
But rather than accept him as an equal, or even as a superior boxer, US government officials prosecuted and convicted Johnson of violating the Mann Act, which outlawed transporting women across state lines for immoral purposes.
But whether it's a jalopy or a Jaguar <U+0097> or, in your case, an RV the size of the space shuttle <U+0097> your municipality will have an ordinance on the books to deal with it. It's unclear to me from your letter whether you've called the city of Lee's Summit about this, so I did, and spoke to Mark Dunning, the director of codes administration.
"I tried to pitch robotics like I do to every eighth-grader," he said. "I had no clue who she was."
Garfinkel explained that even he himself wasn't interested in fashion per se, but instead for the window it cast on an era.
Among The Times' findings:
The corporate drug testing bill was introduced by Rep. Tom McMillin, R-Rochester Hills.
"For every case on death row, if you give me enough time, I can find you a dozen others equal to it that were never charged with capital punishment," said Ohio Public Defender Tim Young. "Is that a fair system? You have 88 county prosecutors and 88 different views on how to approach this."
The Cardinals had men on first and third with none out before Axford struck out David Freese on a full count. The runners then got hung up on Yadier Molina's strikeout, with Tyler Greene an easy out at the plate.
But my personal choice for the most shivvery winter story comes from Jim and Peg Buck, Leesburg residents who once lived in the Thousand Islands of New York. That's the archipelago of islands in the St. Lawrence River along the U.S.-Canada border.
McGinley has never identified the officer, and even now he won’t elaborate on what exactly went into the officer’s firing.
The Tigers also became the first-ever Ivy League team to crack the Top 25 today, landing at No. 24.
After he left IBM, the company eventually sold its PC business and other hardware operations to focus on software and services.
The Ladd is a handsome building. Opus drew accolades from grateful history and architecture buffs when it agreed to save and restore the historic Ladd Carriage House as part of the deal. Opus and its team of restorers moved the old building and returned it to its site just south of the new building.
Asked his position on abortion, which has tripped up many Democrats in the Sixth, Graves said, "I believe it's a woman's issue. It's a health issue. At the end of the day, it's going to be between a woman, her doctor and her god." He said he supports attempts to reduce unwanted pregnancies, adding, "Abortion is always a tragedy."
Cazarez Lopez, 33
Also, the NFL is hardly filled with choir boys. Harris' transgressions, though lacking in judgment, were more mischievous than outright criminal.
We knew it would end this way, with the winning team getting the final say after days, weeks, months and years of trash talk. After an oft-sloppy but always entertaining 29-14 victory today, it was the Giants breaking from the “talk is cheap” part of Tom Coughlin’s mantra after delivering on the “play the game” portion to set up a showdown with the Dallas Cowboys for the NFC East title next Sunday.
$29.98 (DVD), 20th Century Fox
The two standards have come under comparative scrutiny elsewhere — Cincinnati, for example — and studies judge the two to be about equally rigorous, although they do have differences.
The restaurant is in the former Lowenstein Theatre Complex at East Colfax Avenue and Elizabeth Street. The retail center also houses the Tattered Cover Book Store, Twist & Shout music store and the Denver FilmCenter/Colfax.
“My dream is for him to win a national championship,” Richard said. “And, to ever see him lose I just think this late in his career is extremely tough for me. So to be able to make this run next to him like this ... it’s all downhill from here.”
Inge's placement on the DL constituted the one move the Tigers needed to make to reduce their roster to the 25-man regular-season limit for Thursday's opener.
The 2013 Dodge Dart will be available in five trim levels with a starting U.S. manufacturer<U+0092>s suggested retail price of $15,995. The first Darts will begin arriving in dealer showrooms in June.
There are several factors that explain the rise of the vice president to the role of heir apparent. Probably the most important is the downfall of the political convention and the rise of the primary system as the method for selecting presidents. Previously, state leaders and machine bosses played the major role in selecting presidents. The vice presidential choice was a bargaining chip and an obvious sop to the losing team. The vast majority of these consolation prizes were handed out to men who were rarely prominent or powerful individuals.
In November, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Shaun Donovan said he was in favor gay marriage and suggested that the issue could be part of the agenda in the second term. "We've got more work to do in the Obama administration in a second term," Donovan told the Metro Weekly, a Washington newspaper. "Like marriage equality."
"I wish he'd shoot more," Schneider said with a wide smile.
Several people were recently sentenced to federal prison for their respective roles in an income tax scheme that involved stealing the identities of people who live in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Attorney's Office reported Tuesday.
They would need every bit of that comfortable lead, as Post 338 slowly chipped its way back into the game.
"Premium Rush": A Manhattan bike messenger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) is steered into a deadly chase when bad guys come looking for the delivery he's carrying. (Aug. 24)
By chance, a brochure arrives in the mail, showing a cowboy rustling cows. "Rancho de la Oso is inhabited by the Great Spirit, She Bear - a mountain spirit who looks out over the people in the valley" - it sounded mystical.
The group has seen an uptick in donations thanks to Season of Sharing, which coincided with its own campaign drive. And some families touched by the charity reached out through its website and Facebook page.
"If, in fact, we do nothing, there could be some potential issues down there," said ISO Chief Executive Stephen Berberich. "We don't intend to do nothing."
Two-month wait
Interviews today with neighbors, friends and relatives described how the family appeared to undergo a sudden change sometime around the first DYFS report. The mother, they say, went through a religious awakening. She fasted for days on end, shrouded herself, her children and apartment in white, chanted loudly and met daily with a man who had named himself after Jesus.
About 70 percent of California's water supply falls as rain or snow in the north, but about 80 percent of the demand is in the south, where rainfall is on the lighter side.
8. El Modena (Century) 16-7
"The next day -- Good Friday -- was the hardest for me," said Laura Fouts, who worked a decade for Joe's, quitting just before her son was born in 1984. "At that point, it became real that it was going to be no more."
Herman Cain: 16.1% (59)
Just outside Krotz Springs, 23-year-old Jake Nolan said National Guard troops knocked on the door of his home in a subdivision to tell his mother of the evacuation order. He said they advised her to have white towels and have access to the roof if they planned to ride it out -- presumably in case of a rescue -- though that didn't appear to be part of any official instructions. And besides, he didn't need an order to leave with his wife and three children.
All of them have been slow to address the overhang of public and private debt that's choking off economic growth.
øSaturday's co-main event features Anselmo Moreno (32-1-1, 11 KOs) against David De La Mora (24-1, 17 KOs) in a 12-round fight for Moreno's WBA bantamweight super championship.
The Wigwam's less prestigious address makes it less expensive than its East Valley cousins, with average nightly rates in the $200-$300 range, compared with $400 and up at the Biltmore and its brethren.
1 slice bacon, cooked crispy and crumbled
"The shooting of these rods looked like arrows flying through the air during the battle," Hannon said.
RepuCare will create up to 82 jobs by 2015, said an announcement today from the Indiana Economic Development Corp., a board headed by Gov. Mitch Daniels. The company will lease a 4,000-square-foot facility at 9245 N. Meridian St. and have it operational later this year. The company has already begun hiring additional healthcare professionals, account management and administrative associates, the announcement said.
A brief filed by city lawyers says the ballot question would not create a legitimate city ordinance because legalizing marijuana would be in conflict with state law.
"It's benefitted me a lot," Shaw said about waiting. "It gave some people on the edge more of a chance. Like I wanted to commit to Florida, but then this whole Urban Meyer thing came up, so I think it was a good decision to wait."
Montgomery 12, Castle Park 1. Neff (M) WP.
Edwards said overtime remains an "expected expense for the system," which has a $1.3 billion budget, and doesn't put it financially at risk.
With due respect to efforts to keep the U.S. out of the war, our entry was inevitable. Aggression preys on submission. Schoolyard bullies grow bolder when their victims don't fight back. Megalomaniac leaders bring the fight to your shores if you are unwilling to confront them on their soil. The Land of the Rising Sun viewed the U.S. as a threat to its ongoing conquests, so Admiral Yamamoto struck America's Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor to prevent our intervention.
USDA spokesman Aaron Lavallee said the definition of local varies from state to state and region to region depending on the season. In small New England states, food from 100 miles away could be from another state, while food could travel hundreds of miles in Texas or Montana and still be within the borders.
"Their instinct throughout, until it was too late, was to cover up," the report said.
Motorists are being urged to map alternate routes or take light rail until the work is completed.
Pintarich, 72, was taken to the Oregon Burn Center at Legacy Emanuel Hospital with third-degree burns over 50 percent of his body. He remains in critical condition.
Cruz went workman-like: an untucked white shirt over brown pants with sneakers.
Nov. 19, 2004: Pacers-Pistons fight
When it comes to the Broncos' history with Manning, it's best to move forward. What the Broncos need from Manning now is to avoid the who's who list of second-time quarterback failures.
Sides are many and mostly splendid. The slender haricots verts in the green beans with pancetta ($8.90) were a nice foil for the salty bacon nuggets and parmesan "Tater Tots"($7.90) a charming cheesy upscale version of potatoes past. Alas, an order of Killbuck Valley mushrooms ($8.90), proved hard and chewy, seeming somewhat past their prime.
From the library, it's a short walk to the Seventh Street subway station. Unfortunately, the Los Angeles subway doesn't go anywhere in particular.
As Ron led the charge to find what he hopes will be justice for his son's death, Cathy and Tina made arrangements for a cremation and requested a clipping of his long, red hair.
At the end of the hallway is a second bedroom with oak floors, three windows and a walk-in closet space. There’s another full bath with striated ceramic tile floors, a tub and shower with white subway tile walls and a double-sink vanity topped with Carrara marble.
132 pounds: Raymond Robledo, Pomona dec. Geo Martinez, Pine Creek, 5-4.
Is your deck properly attached to the building? It's not always possible to know for sure, but today I'll discuss a few different ways of attaching a deck to a building. The piece of wood that connects a deck to a building is called the ledger, or ledger board. I'll be using this term repeatedly.
A: Every once in a while we'll watch an episode. I know it's hard to believe but after 240 or 230 episodes, we really don't. We see a screening ahead of time, often by Skype on a screen 2 inches big, and you give your input if there's something you want to debate with the producers, but we don't typically sit down and watch. I know many times people will come over and it's a Monday and they ask, "Are you watching your TV show?" and we're sitting at our computer screens doing our own thing. It's kind of painful to watch. Who wants to watch yourself on TV?
A trend from this year's Central Indiana workplace survey shows employees are feeling more appreciated (up 11 percent).
Wini Tieyah was at the dentist Tuesday getting her partials adjusted.
"He had a great two minutes," Nets point guard Deron Williams said. "They booed him when he first got on the court, and then they were cheering for him to get back in -- probably so they could boo him again."
The rookie pulled a great escape in both of his innings and kept his cool after a leadoff double in the sixth to Raul Ibañez, who advanced on a sacrifice bunt.
"I was being so hard on myself this season that I wasn't having fun," Matthews said. "And when basketball isn't fun, there's a serious problem. The only way I know how to have fun is competing. So I was able to do that, clear my head, and figured stuff out."
"It feels sometimes like you are seeing actors' best work when they are working with Chris," Sheppard said.
With pewter chargers, the scenic designs are a perfect complement to the Benjamin Moore "sandy hook gray" room with cherry woodwork. New countertops by Cathedral Marble and a decorative backsplash by Architectural Brick and Tile freshen the look, along with a wicker seating area that overlooks the backyard.
Garza, 19, was charged Monday with murder in the deaths of Trinka and Guinn.
Renaldo Woolridge, a son of former NBA player Orlando Woolridge, will play for Southern California next season.
Trump, of course, announced Monday that he wouldn't seek the GOP presidential nomination but would instead continue as host of NBC's "Celebrity Apprentice."
Because, unlike its neighbors, CityCenter is about exclusivity.
A neighborhood with a moderate concentration of relocated families “had a violent crime rate 11 percent higher in Atlanta and 13 percent higher in Chicago than it would have had with no relocated households,” the report found. Neighborhoods with high concentrations had violent crime rates "21 percent higher, on average, than they would have been with no relocated households, other things being equal."
Kutcher, 34, will play Steve Jobs in an upcoming film about the late CEO of Apple.
As the deputy got closer, he saw the two front tires were shredded and the wheels destroyed. Red fluid, believed to be transmission fluid, was flowing from underneath the car.
The Dodgers' cable deal with Prime Ticket was signed in 2004 and expires next year. Signed before the huge run-up in live sports contracts, the 10-year deal, which expires in 2013, is worth $320 million; by comparison, the Angels' new deal, struck in December, is valued at $3 billion over 20 years.
"You can't allow a city of any size, whether it's a city, a suburb, or rural community -- as it was, I believe, said by you -- let them go bankrupt," she said to Malone. "When you see what that impact would be on a state-wide level, I assure you, sir, you'll have a different opinion."
1507 Dietrich Chase Ln, $370,000
Republicans would win spending cuts of slightly more than the increase in the debt limit, as they have demanded. Additionally, tax increases would be off-limits unless recommended by the bipartisan committee that is expected to include six Republicans and six Democrats. The conservative campaign to force Congress to approve a balanced-budget amendment to the Constitution would be jettisoned.
Vendors, entertainment and food are avaiable as well as the no sew blanket making for critically-ill children.
R1: 8 R2: 10 R3: 9, 10 R4: 8 R5: 10 R6: 26 R7: 8
And 46 percent of the drafted players in the Pro Football Hall of Fame were first-round picks.
The curators embrace that idea, with a diverse variety of media displayed: costumes, film, cowbells and graffiti. Everywhere I looked, my eye captured for a fleeting moment a freeze-frame of art. A passageway was not a just passageway but, when illuminated by multicolored lights, became an installation. As I looked out a window, inset into the glass was a video screen showing people looking out a window. On another screen, two men were walking through an art museum. The long, clean lines of the corridors were lighted in such a way that the people moving through them looked like walking sculpture. Casual visitors transformed, becoming abstract bodies in space, impersonating art objects.
Schwartz said that Romanini did not perform the work on Russo's house expecting a favor in return but that down the road he did ask Russo if he would give his brother-in-law a raise. That's where Romanini got into trouble, Schwartz said, even though the raise was not directly in exchange for the roofing work.
The oldest person taking part is 85, a walker; the youngest, a runner, is 13.
One of Fedor's friends posted this comment on his blog: "Amazing things happen to Amazing people. Meaning Bruce meeting you!"
The CEO, who steered the financial giant safely through the 2008-09 financial crisis, came clean in a conference call with investors after the market closed Thursday and acknowledged that the bank has suffered a $2 billion trading loss, mostly occurring in the past six weeks.
At Minnesota
"It's my second family. Everybody stops and everybody says hi."
"They had no luck," she said.
The Arnold branch of the Jefferson County Library has a great idea. Its Leap Year program for ages 3 to 12 gets hopping with "Get Froggy with It." My age probably makes me a better candidate for a program this afternoon by two members of the psychology department at St. Charles Community College. They will share findings on using methods like tae kwon do, yoga and hypnotherapy to manage stress.
The legislation would extend through the end of the year a 2 percentage-point cut in payroll taxes that would fatten a typical bimonthly paycheck by $40. It also would renew jobless benefits that deliver about $300 a week to people out of work for more than six months.
The uncertainty suggested a final decision hadn't been made and would depend on the outcome of horse-trading between powerful factions and individuals, including Mr. Xi and some retired leaders, who will also govern the makeup in a pivotal leadership shuffle this fall.
Vodraska's survivors include her parents and a twin brother. Craciun Funeral Home in Middleburg Heights will host a memorial service at 8 p.m. Saturday, Feb. 25.
For those who don't want to make their own cleaning products or buy a green one, there are other ways to get greener. "If you've bought your old conventional cleaners, try using a little less of them," Rangan said. That could mean diluting a window cleaner or targeting your cleaning as much as possible. If there's a spot of black mold in the bathroom, for example, go after that without bleaching the whole wall.
As much as $1.2 billion in customer funds that were to be held in MF Global's segregated accounts have gone missing, according to the trustee overseeing the brokerage's bankruptcy.
Kenney has made it his personal mission to help them with that. It is also his Army-sanctioned way to complete his active duty.
There hasn't been time for the Dougherty Valley High baseball team to stop and realize it sits in first place in the Diablo Foothill Athletic League.
After the bustle of Target, where he got a flat screen TV, the quiet of the bookstore was soothing.
-- Portland has missed all seven attempts from beyond the arc.
The public can vote for their favorite doodle to help select the five national finalists.
"We're trying to push the envelope," he said. "Clearly they have an interest from a business perspective because of the growth at the airport."
Golic is a native of Willowick, Ohio, who attended St. Joseph High School (now Villa Angela-St. Joseph High School) before playing football at Notre Dame and completing an eight-year career in the NFL with the Philadelphia Eagles, Miami Dolphins and Houston Oilers. After his playing career, he became an analyst at ESPN and eventually the co-host of the morning show."
"The Rum Diary" isn't for everyone, but fans of Thompson will find enjoyment in the relative booze-soaked calm before the psychedelic storm.
"We do not want our children to become a generation of spectators," Kennedy wrote. "Rather, we want each of them to be a participant in the vigorous life."
Q: My son-in-law collects baseballs. He keeps them in protective cases displayed on a lower shelf in the TV room. He and my daughter have three children ages 2, 3 and 5, and he is quite stern with them about not touching the cases. However, as their grandfather, I know that it is a disaster waiting to happen because the kids, who are all three boys, do not understand what the big deal is with touching them. They are, after all, balls. How can I try to get my son-in-law to consider putting the cases up where they cannot be reached without sounding like a know-it-all, nagging grandfather?
Late last week, police found Pratt's stolen SUV near 19th Avenue and Van Buren Street in Phoenix.
Overall first-quarter Nestle Nutrition sales, including infant formula and cereals, grew 5.8% to 1.9 billion Swiss francs, or $2.1 billion. Even slower or declining birth rates in developed markets didn't dampen "dynamic growth in Asia, Africa and Latin America," the company said.
The price: $288 to $299
How much: $6-$21 (prices can vary depending on market price of fresh fish)
"THE DARK KNIGHT RISES"
It would reach as far south as the Lake of the Ozarks in Camden County and as far north as Audrain County.
1. APIZZA SCHOLLS (4741 S.E. Hawthorne Blvd., 503-233-1286, apizzascholls.com): Big, perfectly burnished pies, in white or red, with top-notch ingredients, including house-cured meats, and crust unsurpassed anywhere for texture and depth of flavor. Hands-down the No. 1 pie in Portland, except among fans of ...
Highest-ranking woman: Trisa Summers, president, and Catherine Nichols, chief operating officer.
Thornton, the corrections spokeswoman, said the high pay for medical professionals is the work of the federal receiver in charge of the prison health care system. He's made it a priority to pay doctors and dentists more in order to improve the inmate care.
Several visitors were crowded around it, peering at something propped against the base of its trunk. It was a framed essay called "A Warrior's Thoughts."
It isn't always easy to get a prime-time dinner reservation at Empellón Taqueria, the year-old Mexican hot spot in the West Village. But for brunch, the restaurant takes a relaxed tone, perfect for a long meal with friends.
Secret hope: Hello, Hollywood?
3. Jan. 31 – Mark John Chambery, 49. Died of head trauma. His body was found at Northeast 32nd Avenue and Weidler Street, near the Hollywood-area Fred Meyer store. Two witnesses told investigators that they saw Patrick Fitzgerald Gurley, 45, stomp on Chambery's face and then ask for a shovel. One man brought Gurley a shovel, thinking he wanted to bury Chambery. Gurley was arrested Feb. 15 and charged with one count of murder. SOLVED.
The players who were on the court answered some of the questions about the team's lethargic offense, playing crisply and unselfishly. The offense featured a lot of movement, particularly from Batum, who often received passes as he curled through the lane. He hit 8 of 14 shots, the most he has scored in the preseason.
It wouldn't have been shocking for Universal Orlando to turn its Halloween Horror Nights event into a "greatest hits" package this year. Like a hungry vampire lurking around a darkened corner, many fans expected a "best of" theme to swoop in and mark a milestone — the theme park's 20th edition.
23 OAK POST RD $168,000
As Gujral pulls the roast-brown turkey from the oven, the Marines enjoy a few beers while they watch the Miami Dolphins battle the Dallas Cowboys. Of his first all-American Thanksgiving, Gujral says, "It's going great."
Paul Loriquet, a spokesman for Chiesa, said in a statement that the summit was the "beginning of an open, ongoing, and productive dialogue with New Jersey’s Muslim-American community."
Check back tonight for coverage of the vigil.
"Dream big and dare to fail ... 'cause this is living proof that it is possible to make a dream come true," said Hetfield, who also made a point of rattling off other hard-rocking bands (including Motorhead, Kiss and Rush) deserving of induction.
"Probably the most dangerous, most volatile, is the Haqqani Network which originates in Pakistan and works primarily in the eastern part of Afghanistan, in the Khost and Paktia regions, and is responsible for a lot of attacks in Kabul." Troxell said.
Taste the chiles and experiment with different varieties, flavor combinations, cooking techniques, consistencies and types of acid. Chiles, for example, can be roasted or poached. Some chefs prefer distilled white vinegar, but others choose more aromatic vinegars, such as apple cider vinegar. The type of strainer used can also affect the thickness of the sauce.
I received an email from a former student, now a teacher. “Classes I took with you,” he wrote, “were so instrumental in rewiring the way I saw the world around me.”
Pic, which was produced by David Puttnam, will roll out in cinemas from July 13.
øRees, 19, was arrested on charges of resisting law enforcement, battery to law enforcement, minor consumption and public intoxication, St. Joseph County police Sgt. Bill Redman said.
On Wednesday, Erpelding put the ring back on her finger and clutched her hand to her chest after a custodian, Xiomara Palacios, discovered the ring on the floor of an airport bathroom while mopping.
"I'd massage his back at night," she said.
The recommendations are national and do not vary among the states.
Both dominated the opening sets, lost the middle tiebreakers and recovered in the third.
But what really makes this production worthwhile to see is the outstanding talent from the cast performing on stage.
"Students who live in the country would not have transportation services," according to the agenda.
1006 Daffodil Dr., $68,000
"I think Southwest should be commended for honoring their guests' old credits in the new program," she says, "because I for one would be pretty upset if I'd earned all these points and they just went away."
"The big issue for us has been that all of the money from the waiver has to reinvested back into family supports, or it will fail," Arye said.
2 to 3 tablespoons truffle oil
When officers exited the car and called out to Morrone, the cops saw him place his right hand into his pants pocket, pull out an unknown item and put it in his mouth in an attempt to swallow it, reports said.
"He was everyone's friend," Ryan says. "He loved adventure and was kind of a troublemaker, but in a fun way."
Star-Ledger staff writers Jessica Calefati, Victoria St. Martin, Jay Lustig, David Giambusso, James Queally and Lisa Rose contributed to this report
However, the only thing special about it was that there was no hearing.
The university handed the football team to one of Paterno's assistants, Tom Bradley, who said Paterno "will go down in history as one of the greatest men, who maybe most of you know as a great football coach."
28. Detroit Pistons
Tomlin indicated during the week he might not make a final call on Big Ben's status until before the game at Candlestick Park.
U.S. District Judge Ancer L. Haggerty sentenced him to 12 years, seven months in prison and three years of post-prison supervision.
øTwo phones
Twelve in Salem and Marion County.
If Leshoure is found guilty of both accusations, he will have to promise that "it won’t happen again, again." His Lions teammate, Fairley, has a simpler task. He was arrested on a misdemeanor marijuana charge this off-season, but only once. Another teammate, offensive tackle Johnny Culbreath, paid a $412 fine after being arrested for simple possession in South Carolina in January.
Police said Zegaldo was also charged with driving a motor vehicle while suspended for a previous DWI conviction — a fourth-degree crime. Zegaldo was lodged in the Hunterdon County Jail in lieu of bail.
The agreement values NewCo at $1.7 billion, more than twice Barnes & Noble's market capitalization before it was announced. The bookseller's share price rose by 50 percent on the day of the deal -- which tells you what investors think of the dead-tree end of the trade.
Q: What am I missing in the Manning/Tebow either/or discussion? It's John Elway's, John Fox's and Brian Xanders' job to put the best possible team on the field, and that means if a significant upgrade can be made to any position, you do it — quarterback included. If Peyton Manning is available, you try to grab him, no questions asked. In the short term it makes perfect sense, and any mature player understands that he's always going to be in competition. I suspect Tim Tebow understands this perfectly well. At the same time, there is the long term to consider. And if the Broncos can help Tebow to significantly improve his play, that's also an upgrade to the position, no? It's just not clear to me that the two are mutually incompatible, and that Elway in particular is unable to commit to both courses simultaneously. ... Do you think they have it in them to work through this for both the short- and long-term benefit of the team?
U.S. District Judge Reggie Walton didn't sound convinced it would be fair to allow testimony from other players who have admitted McNamee gave them steroids and HGH. He voiced concern it could hurt Clemens in the eyes of the jury.
Area fire departments pulled up to see the proud Schillings next to their firetruck. The family had bought it only two weeks ago from the O'Fallon, Ill., Fire Department and stored it in a shed 50 feet from Michael Schilling's house.
All were persuaded to voluntarily surrender the packets of synthetic drugs, which can be smoked or snorted to cause an intense high — but can also cause psychotic episodes and extremely high heart rates.
“And when you come home, how many hours are taken away from your family so that you can continue working on cases? I know, after years of experience, that no one works harder than you attorneys. I thank you for helping to preserving our freedom — there is no doubt you keep the justice system going and the Liberty Bell ringing.”
"You're going to be tossed around," Bradshaw said . . . and the results can be deadly for you and anyone in your flight path.
1 1/2 cups small, unsalted pretzels
As each part of the order is ready, names are called over the intercom, which might mean you're getting up quite a few times. But that gives you a break between dishes. And another good reason to bring all those friends.
The federal data, released to The Oregonian under the state's public records law, appears to include duplicate transactions and other glitches making it impossible to tally exactly how much of the taxpayer-provided benefits was cashed at casinos, bars or adult venues.
“No concern at all,” Devils captain Zach Parise said. “If we played terrible three games in a row it would be.”
Paul Oliver set tables of Schaefer memorabilia out on the sidewalk in front of Dalesio's, where the former mayor and governor spent much time eating, meeting with top campaign aides and, occasionally, greeting customers at the door and answering the phone.
"I would say simply that it's important to remember that Dr. Gosnell is presumed to be innocent," Brennan said.
But the college didn't hire Manley just to prop it up.
(And since I know you'll ask: Don't you, Mr. Herhold, take full deductions on your taxes? I do. But I don't have an army of accountants or lobbyists to find a way to cut my bill.)
Star of wonder, star of light, star of royal beauty bright. Stars that call us to lift our heads in delight and hope.
But Mark doesn't need to say it in words. Very shortly after the "beginning" of Mark, still in the first chapter, Jesus comes upon a leper, one whose own body is literally decaying into fragments, into incompleteness. The leper kneels and whispers to Jesus, "If you choose, you can make me clean."
Perennial Artisan Ales
White says he plans to unveil his own reform plan in response to The Mind Trust next week. Whatever its details, its effectiveness will depend on his commitment; and that commitment will depend on his relationship with a School Board that has spent recent weeks wondering if it would be shopping for his replacement.
Columbine 012 000 0 — 3 8 4
Patrick Callan, president of the San Jose-based Higher Education Policy Institute, said he disagreed with Birgeneau's expansion of out-of-state student populations.
"Go Bucks, Jim Tressel," the coach wrote again and again on whatever was thrust toward him.
“I think this election is coming at the right time,” he said.
"It sucks because he was just getting back," Taj Gibson said. "He looked good in practice yesterday, and he was looking good in the game offensively and defensively. It was good to have our leader back."
BURGLARY, LORIMER DRIVE: An iPad was stolen between 3:45-4:45 p.m. April 26 from a house. There were no signs of forced entry.
The bad news: Get this wrong, and your place could look as if it's on the verge of global warfare.
• ASU hoops moving on without King -- Doug Haller, Arizona Republic: In the meantime, ASU (5-10, 1-2 in the Pac-12) will try to make the best of a trying situation. The Sun Devils are young, without a senior. They have trouble scoring. They have trouble defending. And without King, they have an opening at the point.
Saki, 3716 W. Fullerton, (773) 486-3997; sakistore.net: This cozy shop features deals, raffles and promotions all day April 21 including in-store performances by the bands Santah (1 p.m.), Bare Mutants (2 p.m.), Cains & Abels (3 p.m.), Cross Record (4 p.m.), Minor Characters (5 p.m.), Hollows (6 p.m.), Opposites (7 p.m.) and the Runnies (8 p.m.). Among the festivities is the Experimental Sound Studio (ESS) Listening Station featuring its Sun Ra archive. Bonus: Two food trucks outside later in the day.
Good old Glenelg. They've scored 23 points per game, allowed more than two touchdowns per game, and outscored opponents by one touchdown per game, placing them squarely in the middle of the league in terms of point differential. But all Glenelg has done on the field is win, and that stat shows up in just one spot: W-L. Both of their losses have come in OT, and they're going to finish with one of the top two seeds in the 2A South region.
Kristina Torres joined The Atlanta Journal-Constitution in 2003. She has covered many issues involving metro Atlanta schools, including Cobb County's aborted effort to give students laptops, Sembler Co.'s negotiations with the DeKalb County school system over a mammoth mixed-use project and last year's statewide test-cheating scandal that saw 13 educators banned from Georgia's schools for 90 days or more. A Colorado native, Torres graduated from the University of Colorado in 1994.
Coca-Cola Co. said it is not in talks to acquire Corona-based energy drinks maker Monster Beverage Corp., despite rumors to the contrary that caused Monster’s stock to spike on Monday.
Sizer's spokeswoman, Detective Mary Wheat said, "We're not commenting anything at all. That didn't come out of our office. This is not coming from the Portland Police Bureau. I can't comment for Commissioner Saltzman."
One cost-saving measure that we cannot afford, however, is a reduction in funding for mental health care for soldiers, airmen, Marines and sailors — and their families. On the contrary, such services are not meeting current needs and must be expanded and improved.
Browns 20, Ravens 17
Bear Creek 000 000 0 — 0 1 0
The Cardinals don't expect it to last, and they know that it's not something they can count on for long.
Penaloza, who lives with his parents, was arrested at a relative's residence, police said. He is being held at at the Yamhill County Correctional Facility.
"As part of the project, RepuCare will purchase new information technology, telecommunications systems and furniture for the headquarters facility," the statement said.
(05-07) 09:14 PDT DUBLIN, Ireland (AP) --
SHARON E. LANIER, 62, Titusville, died Wednesday. North Brevard Funeral Home, Titusville.
When Police Officers Ray Cetenich and Tim Middlebrooks entered the apartment, the son emerged with a dagger in one hand and a kitchen knife in the other, officials said.
Joshua Marquis, who serves on the National District Attorneys Association Board of Directors and has been a prosecutor for more than 25 years, said plea deals before trial are not only standard procedure <U+0096> they<U+0092>re urged by judges.
In the most recent January Arbiron ratings report, WJMK ranked 17th among adults 25 to 54, the demo advertisers most covet. WLUP ranked 14th and WDRV was third.
WASHINGTON — On the first Friday of every month, at precisely 8:30 a.m., the Bureau of Labor Statistics flicks a switch and the latest clue about the U.S. economy — the jobs report — gets transmitted all over the world.
The questions and answers below should help borrowers figure out if they qualify for help and what to expect from the process.
2. Spread garlic-herb cheese lengthwise down the center third of rectangle to within 1/2 inch of the short ends of dough. Top cheese with Canadian bacon, pepperoni, mozzarella and Parmesan.
Lynch said the federal Drug Enforcement Administration will be able to track shipments to the area and can pursue leads outside of Massachusetts to stem the flow of drugs into South Boston.
Bencivengo surrendered to FBI agents Thursday morning and appeared in federal court later that day to answer to one count of attempted extortion under the color of official right.
RidgeWorth Investments' international equity fund has 14 percent of its money in German stocks, including Volkswagen and Adidas. Chad Deakins, the manager, likes Adidas for its far-reaching customer base. The company sells nearly a quarter of its shoes and clothes to the U.S. and Canada, and another 10 percent each go to Latin America and China.
With loyal and well-educated members across the state, the union is always at or near the top of the Trenton’s list of biggest lobbying interests. Its army of volunteers has staged massive Statehouse rallies and raised wads of campaign cash for favored candidates.
The Ladue offense milked some of the clock before Danny Radke reached the back of the net on a nice overhand shot to make it 7-6 with 33.6 seconds left. The Spartans got a decent look on goal at the buzzer, but the shot bounced high, and the Rams were finally allowed to exhale.
The return: Herb Caen returns to The Chronicle in 1958, bringing thousands of readers with him.
Several rare gene mutations that happen at or near conception, identified independently by the three teams, greatly increase a child's chance of developing autism. And while the gene mutations they found are exceedingly rare, it looks like their research will eventually point the way to tailored treatments for a disorder that now affects 1 in 88 children.
<U+FFFD> Prepare garden soil for spring planting.
There's been a rash of that lately. Last month, thieves penetrated Citibank's computers and got off with 200,000 names and credit card numbers, along with addresses and phone numbers. The nation's third-largest credit card issuer waited three weeks to tell customers about it.
A few reflected on their day. Kira Martin, a junior, said it was the sixth year she had participated. Keeping mum was easier this year, in part because no one tried to needle her into talking, she said.
Nugent, who signed the document April 14, also agreed to pay the state $600 for the bear that was taken illegally, according to the agreement. He would still need to enter the plea in court and have the plea be approved by a judge.
"Clearwire notified the City recently that the company was re-prioritizing its plans for additional wireless sites in Portland and has decided to either withdraw or place some site applications on hold for the time being," the announcement says. "Specifically, Clearwire has formally notified the Office of Cable Communications & Franchise Management of the withdrawal of
Suu Kyi backed down Monday, but the party's failure to push through even that small change underscores the immense challenges ahead in a nation still dominated by the military.
The big winner is Mary Sue Milliken, the L.A. chef who was almost sent home last week, who made updated deviled eggs that were so good Stone said he wasn't going to let her leave the show without teaching him how to make them. The win earns her $10,000 for her charity, Share Our Strength, a national anti-hunger campaign.
Chef Kim Alter's pig roast ($25) and "whole half chicken" ($24) are both neatly arranged plates with at least five preparations. The pork includes barely pink slices of loin, rosy tenderloin, a gooey crisp chunk of skin, a milky white chop and a triangle of crisp ear, all surrounding toasted hazelnuts and miner's lettuce salad that our waiter pointed out was foraged by the chef.
But he was out there again this Fourth of July for two reasons.
Just as in Europe, the surge in deficits has led political leaders in the United States to focus on tightening budgets rather than spending more to strengthen economic growth.
St. Clair Shores
"When you walk into a coffee shop and it feels inviting ... that's what we want to re-create," said Angela Vargo, Southwest's manager of customer marketing and a member of the design team.
That's especially true for people in the so-called individual market. Most Missourians who buy insurance on their own are covered
Edfu: Kalama United Harvest.
MANTUA TWP. — Ever since Anna Baldwin was diagnosed with Tourette syndrome at the end of fifth grade, she has made it her mission to educate fellow students about the disorder.
The Tribes purchased the site in August and have designated the 108-acre parcel as the future home of the Giiwas Green Enterprise Park.
HOW THEY GOT HERE
All schools in Indiana are required to give IREAD to incoming fourth-graders beginning in spring 2012. Students who don't pass cannot move on to fourth grade.
"What we're really focused on, as you know, is changing the delivery system," Kitzhaber said. "The (Obama) administration is really looking for a state, or several states, that can really demonstrate that the Affordable Care Act is more than just an expansion of coverage."
The defense had allowed 13 goals this season, second-worst in MLS. This time, the defense withstood the onslaught of Real Salt Lake (4-1-0, 12 points), its corner kicks (seven) and pressure in the second half.
Cabernet and red blends: Monterey has suffered a reputation for "green" unripe flavors in its Cabs, but Carmel Valley's warm summers, for instance, offer great potential to ripen the Bordeaux family of grapes.
Coppedge had also waved off suggestions to update his computer skills and was saddled with a reputation for being "unwilling to listen and always having to do things his way," defense attorneys said in court papers.
These small steps improve upon the original law. Living and doing business in the historic areas of this historic city shouldn't be just the province of the rich.
But the stock market has tumbled 11 percent since its April peak, and 8 percent since the end of the second quarter.
Demeaning? The slide show sends the message that Julia needs Obama to protect her from cradle to grave - which in Julia's world, means from Head Start to Medicare.
And of course, some miners have skeletons in their unexpectedly opened closets.
Dutra said that from Recology's point of view, "The program is a success."
Says Pat Tyson, now track coach at Gonzaga but coach at Mead High in Spokane during much of Noble's prep career and, even then, a mentor: "Bekah was electrifying."
She also expressed concern that Express Scripts and CVS Caremark Corp., which now becomes the second largest PBM, to "pull their competitive punches" when bidding on customer accounts in the future.
A clinic official said Roberts was moving to the Naples area to join another doctor's practice and that a new clinic will open in the building where Wellness Works was located, at 1209 Lakeside Drive.
Between sharply executed renditions of signature tunes such as “If I Ruled the World” and “The Breaks,” Blow reminisced about the dawn of hip-hop.
Stephanie Brenton, 37, who's lived in the subdivision for 4 1/2 years, said Snyder's visit did little to shake her from the shock of what happened.
Butler (Morris): 10
The wines have certain similar characteristics: dry, but not bone dry; tasting of strawberries; and very refreshing and easy to drink. But the Jean-Louis is more elegant, complex and most similar to real Champagne in its yeasty style with tiny pinpoint bubbles.
“We’re the reasonable ones on this side,” burst out Mike Vrabel, a member of the players union’s executive committee.
Hey, Kyle: It'd be up to Saints owner Tom Benson to fire Payton, and for now, he's standing by his man.
Kelly, 34, finished third in her group and advanced to her first World Cup final since 2008. She was 31st in the final.
Vancouver improved to 5-2-3, handing league-leading San Jose (7-2-1) its first loss in eight games.
She added: "Instead, what Ohioans are getting is an absolute circus in the House health committee." Copeland noted that abortion rights supporters have been denied the chance by the anti-abortion rights committee chair, Rep. Lynn Wachtmann, a conservative Napoleon Republican, to testify via videotape.
It's art from the streets that's been moved into the museum, and critics are going gaga over it.
øGartner analyst Michael Gartenberg says the silliness was a "novelty" that got people talking and into stores. And it worked, he says. "It's one of their very big differentiators for the iPhone 4S from everything else and is a huge hit. Just look at the sales for the iPhone 4S."
Opponents will focus their attack on two elements of the law -- the so-called individual mandate, which requires virtually every non-poor citizen either to obtain coverage by 2014 or to pay the government a penalty tax, and new eligibility rules that will add about 15 million people to Medicaid programs administered by the states.
Clementi killed himself Sept. 22, 2010, jumping off the George Washington Bridge and igniting a national conversation on cyberbullying and gay teen suicide.
Bodemeister is the stronger of Baffert's two horses. His other, 50-1 shot Liaison, landed in the No. 20 spot.
Chatter is everywhere in the NBA about Paul, the Hornets' All-Star point guard who has a player option for 2012-13, meaning he could become an unrestricted free agent next summer.
A program featuring a picture of Houston looking skyward read "Celebrating the life of Whitney Elizabeth Houston, a child of God." Pictures of Houston as a baby, with her mother, gospel singer Cissy Houston and Bobbi Kristina filled the program.
But it was the unheralded Blazers who set this win apart, while also magnifying the dire straits the beat-up roster finds itself in.
This year's draft will begin with the first round on Thursday. The second and third rounds are on Friday; with the fourth through seventh rounds on Saturday. The Browns own the fourth pick and the 22nd pick in the first round. The top three picks, in order, are held by the Indianapolis Colts, the Washington Redskins and the Minnesota Vikings.
"For my late mother," he said, "her level of risk tolerance called for a very small equity share."
Franke, 42, says he was homeless in Dakota County from May to June last year, but it would have been hard for others to tell. He had clean clothes and worked a steady job. He never missed child support payments, his ex-wife said.
One more thing. Orlando Cabrera and Jorge Posada, with 3,720 hits between them, announced their retirements. Omar Vizquel, with 2,841 hits of his own, will go to camp with Toronto on a minor-league deal at the age of 44.
As the light-skinned son of Mexican immigrants, I know that in our weak moments, Latinos are just as capable of racism as anyone else.
The family of victim Sherri Rasmussen cried softly.
"She’s getting stronger each and every day," Dickerson said. "We are still praying for her complete recovery."
"We are a team," Edwards continued. "Not everybody is a team. Some people have good players, good individuals that make plays time to time. We have a good unit. If our unity holds up this off-season, we'll definitely be right back here in the championship. Don't count us out yet. Look for us again next year."
"Most of them will keep growing until the temperature reaches the low 20s," Trinklein says.
A: He does seem to be trying to make it work with too many players. It's almost as if Norris Cole has pictures of Erik. Thing is, with so much time between games, it would seem this would be the time to tighten things up. Eventually, as the stakes go up, a few of these players will grade out of the rotation.
When: 7:30 p.m. Friday
"I tend to look for ways to use whiskey in drinks, and with eggnog you need a certain level of spice," Mayhew says. "When I started playing with it, the sweeter bourbons came out wrong. But Bulleit bourbon, which has 17percent rye, is a really spicy bourbon. and it matched perfectly with the holiday spices I put in there. It's got a real holiday flavor."
"I think it's become more of a football town," Ray said. "People just want to see the Colts do well."
"It was always understood that MMPI was expected to offer incentives with respect to both shows and tenants to ensure full participation in the first few years of the project," Appelbaum said.
After a close-to-the-vest opener, the offenses busted out in the first period - nearly matching the goal and shot totals from the Rangers' Game 1 victory. The teams combined for four goals and 32 shots, only 14 by New York, in the Rangers' 3-1 victory.
Clippers fans regularly packed Staples Center this year.
Neunaber said she first started following Romney in 2005 while <U+0093>looking for a leader who understood how the economy works and a candidate who could put policies in place that would lead to more jobs and economic growth.<U+0094>
"I'm going to be ringside, though, where she can hear me," Crutchfield said. "I wouldn't be surprised if she gets the gold."
Police said Turner was angry abouty legislation concerning Catholic parish finances. Police plan to charge him with inciting injury to persons or property when he is extradited to Connecticut.
He says those rules limit the amount of money athletes can bring in to pursue their careers.
Also today, TriQuint said a planned transition to new technologies will result in job cuts and severance charges during the current quarter. TriQuint said the cuts will take place at filter factories in Costa Rica and Florida, but not in Oregon, and will result in charges against second-quarter earnings.
Businesses are embracing the new technology as well, according to Mike Tugsley, owner and operator of Security Plus in Millville.
Cut in half and then get your grub on.
Anti-terror experts see the al-Qaida influence extending even as the core of the organization is thought to be down to an estimated 100 or fewer followers in its traditional home of Afghanistan and Pakistan's ungoverned tribal areas. A Pentagon spokesman said that even that estimate could overshoot the total number who sleep in Afghanistan on any given night, which might be no more than a few dozen.
Haren has asked a judge to ease post-employment restrictions in his contract, so he can practice in Adams County, Pa. He also sued the practice, claiming it owes him $251,208 in stock, pension and bonuses.
Though a nonprofit must make a detailed application to the Internal Revenue Service for tax-exempt status, many don't face regular reporting requirements. Organizations with less than $25,000 in annual income, as well as churches, are exempt from federal financial disclosure rules. The IRS only this year began asking smaller organizations to file an abbreviated form.
This was an idea that was supported by a strong majority of the American people -- including nearly half of Republicans. The majority of millionaires supported it. And Senate Republicans didn’t listen. They refused to even let it come up for a vote; refused to ask the wealthiest among us to do their fair share. Meanwhile, Republicans in the House just signaled their willingness to gut programs like this one that make a real difference in people’s lives -- thousands of middle-class families or folks who are trying to get into the middle class.
"Ban That Scene!" makes a daring mockery of Myanmar's dreaded film censorship board, whose members are cast as comical guardians of a tyrannical state's idealized image of itself.
How I got into this: “While working as a registered nurse, I realized I still had the desire to further my education and expand my nursing knowledge base. I also wanted more autonomy within my job, so I made the decision to become a family nurse practitioner.”
"We think it is much less likely that revenues will be high enough to avoid hitting the trigger for cuts," Bennett said.
What are we supposed to think when someone claims he's getting important life-changing news in a dream or from an angel? For some, the reaction is: Get the straitjacket ready. Others, however, will turn to someone like Richard Dawkins, who says such experiences are a byproduct of our organic wiring, a demonstration, he writes in "The God Delusion," of the "formidable power of the brain's simulation software." That's all. Elsewhere, in "The End of Faith," Sam Harris writes with obvious scorn that "it is demonstrative of mental illness to believe that [God] is communicating with you by having the rain tap in Morse code on your bedroom window."
Tim Trimble will camp out for the weekend and has attended all but two of the festivals. Trimble said there is such a variety and it’s a big event.
Abbey officials say the abbey’s review board is investigating those claims against Travers, who was headmaster at Delbarton from 1999 to 2007, and also taught at the school.
TWO MORE THINGS
So, unfortunately for Costa Mesa's employees, their city has been hit with a perfect storm: a national and local backlash against unions, a recession that has killed pension-fund returns and driven up unfunded pension liability, a city finance department that didn't do its job; and the election of one guy, Righeimer, who was willing to be the first politician to throw himself on the barbed wire.
"We were young. And when you're young you're still trying to learn about yourself, you're trying to learn the league and you don't have time to focus on the little things because you're trying to just survive. You're in survive mode. I don't think we were ever soft," coach Scott Brooks said. "The last two games, I like the fact that we just clawed and battled and fought our way. ... Maturity helps, and you do it one day at a time."
Charlie Joe, 71, knows where Marie, 70, is going. Their life has been a song and dance. They celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary last year. Their favorite song is the 1960 Brook Benton/Dinah Washington duet "Baby (You Got What It Takes)."
Among the possible improvements are $3.5 million to fix Old Madison Road near the Milam Landfill; $450,000 for milling and resurfacing various city streets, and $425,000 to widen and resurface the Ohio Avenue pedestrian walkway along Old Madison Road to Illinois Route 203.
The patriotic program, led by guest conductor Giancarlo Guerrero, was another sign of the holiday's eminence. Bookending the play-list were classics such like "The Star-Spangled Banner" and Tchaikovsky's Overture "The Year 1812."
Orlando Hidalgo, owner of Fritanga, a Nicaraguan restaurant across the street, said he called 911 when he saw the smoke and flames coming out of the building. The restaurant was busy at the time, he said.
But linking teachers' pay directly to student performance is controversial here and nationwide. Hours after Thursday's announcement, the head of Oregon City's teachers union raised the prospect that the union -- and thus the district -- could withdraw from the program.
"I think our goal is to make sure we do everything we can to try to make sure there is a fair, open debate on the floor of the House and the Senate," the governor said, "that the issue gets discussed and that we allow people the chance to vote on it and that we move this entire state forward to make sure, as Martin Luther King said, 'The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.' "
Pew said support for bin Laden had been ebbing considerably before his death. In Jordan, for instance, 61 percent of respondents told pollsters in 2007 they had confidence that the terrorist leader would do the right thing. The next year, after al-Qaida suicide attacks against Amman, Jordan's capital, that number fell to 24 percent. By last year, it was lower still at 13 percent.
Foles is back, averaging 405 passing yards per game, and the game is in Tucson, which means Oregon can’t expect a cakewalk.
When the Blues signed free-agent center Jason Arnott (6-5, 220) this summer, one of the first things general manager Doug Armstrong said was how, along with David Backes (6-3, 225) and Patrik Berglund (6-4, 218), the team would be better equipped to battle San Jose and Anaheim.
"I'm a Marine at heart. I love to serve. I love the camaraderie. But I know leaving home this time will be extra painful. I'm going to miss my sons, and I'm going to miss a lot of the friendships and the relationships that matter to me.
Although he's enjoying the activities and attention, Gutierrez said that after the Dodgers game he plans to "put all this stuff aside and just focus on racing right now."
Immediately after the ceremony at 5 p.m., Nelly with St. Lunatics will perform a Vevo Go Show inside at Blueberry Hill's Duck Room.
They want the Fed to focus solely on keeping inflation in check. It now has a "dual mandate" from Congress: to keep both inflation and unemployment low.
Beer runs may be fun and games to some, but Peoria police spent the better part of the summer cracking down on minors and adults caught stealing alcohol from convenience stores.
What it is: This refreshing cocktail will wake up your taste buds but is only one of several "healthy" drinks. The Zen-influenced resort, spa and bar also offer the Green Tea-ni. The pink-and-green cocktail is a combination of fresh grapefruit juice, basil leaves, lemongrass simple syrup and a shot of Ketel One Citron vodka.
In the north suburban 10th Congressional District, where several Democrats are battling to challenge first-term Republican Robert Dold of Kenilworth, Brad Schneider of Deerfield had $451,787 in cash available to start 2012 after raising $134,813 in the final quarter of last year. Schneider had earlier seeded his campaign with a $100,000 loan.
It remains unclear whether authorities were still trying to determine the scope of the program before the Ohio investors filed suit or if they simply failed to foresee the investment program was headed for collapse.
Ekhard Ursin - Tania Ursin
Q: If you were running the debates, what would you do?
A statement from Fox and Time Warner Cable said the deal includes Bright House.
Carmen Rodriguez, a business developer and downtown community activist who lives nearby, brings her dog, Prada, almost every day to the LAPD lawn.
Weight limit: 1,984 pounds
Puffed up: Derek Peterson and Dahr Man, the entrepreneurial pair behind Oakland's planned hydroponics superstore - a.k.a. the Wal-Mart of Weed - have entered into talks with an L.A. production outfit about a new reality show tentatively called "Hempire."
Assembly and Senate committees kicked off the day with meetings to consider Christie’s proposal for a 2.5 percent cap on property tax hikes, setting a rough schedule of hearings that would last into September.
In fact, health department workers have joined SynCare employees in responding to calls on behalf of Medicaid recipients that require a change in a care plan. Asked if state workers had taken over tasks SynCare was being paid to perform, she said: "We believe ultimately it is our responsibility to ensure (that) clients receive their services."
Private bondholders are being asked to forgive half their Greek debt, and in return accept cash payments and new bonds with longer maturities. The euro100 billion ($129 billion) writedown is required for a second international bailout with a looming euro14.5 billion bond repayment on March 20 that carries a serious threat of bankruptcy for Greece.
The plant, in Cleveland's Tremont neighborhood, churns out food bases - called "flavor solutions" - for national chain restaurants and distributors across the United States and Canada.
But he doesn't have liaisons, no matter how hard he tries. And that's the gist of The Salt of Life: Gianni's halfhearted or bungled efforts to pursue a woman. He can't even find his way to the brothel that his lawyer friend recommended without turning the crosstown journey into a disaster.
Three Rohnert Park police detectives, joined by San Francisco officers as backup, went to Hughes' girlfriend's apartment about 8:45 p.m. Wednesday. When the girlfriend opened the door, "she was ashen. She seemed very nervous and anxious," Masterson said.
Finally, he’ll address the New Jersey Agricultural Convention at Trump Taj Mahal Casino in Atlantic City. Another town hall is set for Thursday morning at Christian Love Baptist Church in Irvington.
Feb. 22, 2010: Lyles, on Complete Scouting Services letterhead, bills UO $25,000 for "2011 National Package."
Like Buenos Aires.
1 1/2 cups grated Cheddar cheese (more if desired)
Napravnik has been riding at Belmont Park, home of the Belmont Stakes, in Elmont, N.Y. She rode in eight races there on opening day, April 29, winning one.
“It’s our planet. We need do things to be proactive and save it,” said Catherine Kelly, the school’s principal. “And the earlier we can teach them good habits, the better off we’ll be.”
øA: As usual, there are several good answers.
All-Star Maurice Williams was inconsistent. Same for Anderson Varejao, Delonte West and Zydrunas Ilgauskas. The bench was nearly nonexistent in Game 6, scoring 10 points.
She approached the officer and told him that one of the city's 13 licensed "medallion towers" should have been handling the accident, she says. The medallion companies have the sole right to tow cars that are blocking the flow of traffic after a crash.
"These bags have been hard on Oregon's environment and even harder on Oregon's economy," said Hass at a hearing held by the Senate Environment and Natural Resources Committee. He said that the last time Oregon faced a similar litter problem -- in 1971 -- it became the first state in the nation to pass a bottle-deposit law. He also said the plastic bags have largely eclipsed the use of paper bags, which are produced in Oregon and create jobs here.
The largest Mega Millions jackpot of $390 million was March 6, 2007, shared by winners in New Jersey and Georgia.
Starting pitchers: Doug Fister, Rick Porcello, Max Scherzer, Justin Verlander,
Ursula Shepherd, 17, is a foster child who lives with Starla Bradley in Aumsville. They drove to Portland with Tila Motzko, 17, and Motzko's mother, Erika.
Then there are the models you don't want to follow -- those who take flexibility too seriously and push their bodies beyond reasonable limits. They're actually doing damage and setting themselves up for problems greater than those who don't stretch at all.
Washington disturbed Reed early scoring four runs in the top of the first on four singles and a walk. With the bases loaded, one out and a 1-0 lead, Jacob Lamb drove a two-run single up the middle to break the bottom of the first open.
“I remembered from when I was here,” he said. “I didn’t lose anything.”
But sources told CBSSports.com last night the league and players union are closer to a pact than they are publicly disclosing. In regards to the split of basketball-related revenue, the two sides are just $80 million-a-year apart on a 10-year deal. The gap between league and players, according to the report, was at one time $8 billion over 10 years.
Another weaved tales of deception, betrayal and suspense for millions of readers worldwide.
Mr. Guo wrote: "He wants to go to the U.S. for travel for a while and then come back. Therefore, this is not a change of mind."
We decided that yes, a reporter can attend a game. While sports journalists don't cheer or boo <U+0096> they're working and focusing on the game <U+0096> those paying for tickets and sitting with fans can behave accordingly.
"Sacramento is not a great place to watch track," said Eugene resident Steve Evans, a track aficionado since he laced up his own spikes decades ago in high school. "It gets so damn hot there in the summertime. The athletes really don't like that. This is running weather."
Now: The sly, Salingeresque "The Royal Tenenbaums" was director Wes Anderson at his most ingenious.
Rosacea can affect the eyes, reddening them and drying them. They feel like sand has been thrown onto their surfaces. An eye doctor handles this aspect of rosacea.
Prosecutors will outline their case in a two-day opening statement next week, followed by Karadzic's opening defense statement the following week. Brammertz, who handed in his final streamlined indictment on Monday, has submitted a list of 409 witnesses he plans to call, but 230 of them will present written testimony to save time. They will be available for cross-examination, he said.
After all this, won't you give me a smile?
Martin said she knew Vargas was on medication, but she had never heard of him showing signs of violent behavior.
That bundle includes a refundable job-retention tax credit tailored to companies that employ at least 1,000 people, agree to make $25 million in capital improvements over three consecutive years and received a written offer last year from another state. American Greetings also will receive a $15 million low-interest state loan, a $2.5 million grant to help with construction costs and a $1 million grant for infrastructure.
(The Greatly Expanded Sunday Edition)
Pfefferkorn got involved after meeting Viv Wilson, co-founder of Zimbabwe's Chipangali Wildlife Orphanage, a refuge, research and education center. Until her death in 1997, the orphanage had a high-profile patron in Diana, princess of Wales.
But during the home half, Milwaukee moved in front. With runners on second and third, Braun ripped a triple into deep center. Fowler dove at the ball and tried to recover, but threw the ball wide of the cutoff man. That allowed Braun to round third and come home to make it a 3-1 game.
Marc Morial, president of the National Urban League, compared the case to the notorious 1955 lynching of Emmett Till, in Mississippi, which catalyzed the midcentury civil rights movement. “We will not rest, we will not stop, until there is justice for Trayvon Martin,” he said.
"I have great memories of going to Tijuana and getting street food for lunch," Tilford says. "I got really passionate about Mexican food."
The Cardinals actually scraped for three of their seven hits after the fifth inning but failed to break through against Pirates starter Brad Lincoln and relievers Daniel McCutchen and Chris Resop. The Pirates scored once after the fifth inning, a solo tally in the sixth against reliever Mitchell Boggs but none of their 11 hits came after the sixth.
In a dry, hot saute pan, toast the cardamom, cloves, cumin seed and black pepper, shaking often, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Pour into a spice grinder (or coffee grinder) with chile flakes and blend into a powder.
Momentum can shift in an instant in the playoffs, and that was evidenced last night. Now it’s the Hawks facing the possibility of missing one of their top players for Friday’s Game 3 at the Garden. Forward Josh Smith left last night’s game with a sprained left knee with 4:20 remaining and didn’t return.
Online car dealer – Online car shoppers should be leery of a company that claims to be selling cars from an Idaho dealership, the Better Business Bureau said in a news release. Customers of Wartluft Motors said they have been asked to wire money for car purchases, but the cars do not arrive, the BBB said. The company lists cars for sale on its website, giving an Idaho address and telephone number. There is no car lot, the BBB said, and the cars will not be delivered.
During his turn to speak, Norfolk Mayor Paul Fraim said the $318 million cost of the 7.4-mile starter line "keeps coming down. We hope it will be $315 to $314 million by the time we close it out."
It was maddening to watch. Because the Mavericks came to life, and got busy in the paint. This is when Nowitzki got to the line, and Jason Terry, too. And the march that a few minutes before had been Wallace dunking, and LaMarcus Aldridge on an alley-oop, turned into Dallas shooting freebies while Portland mostly complained to the officials and accepted defeat.
The whole world watched, of course, with rapt amazement as social media was used to help topple oppressive governments in Tunisia and Egypt earlier this year. Bloodless revolutions were launched by assembling peaceful flash mobs to protest tyranny.
Last week, the newspaper reported that Wal-Mart shut down an investigation into alleged bribery in its Mexico operations, where $24 million reportedly exchanged hands in order to speed the approval of new Wal-Mart stores in the country.
Once I got to the turnoff for the Apple Farm in Philo—which along with an opulent orchard is home to a cooking school I'd attended a couple of years ago—I knew I wasn't too far from Handley Cellars. The winery sits at the base of Holmes Ranch, where a cluster of historic wood buildings remains—the barn and water tower, as well as the ranch house where I'd be staying. I arrived just as the light began to wane, and there was Handley herself, a silhouette with flapping skirt, waiting at the wide curve of the drive with the key. The apartment—decorated with folk art from around the world, the beds covered with handmade quilts—overlooks one of the winery's working vineyards. There was a bowl of fruit on the dining-room table, and fresh coffee beans (and a grinder) on the kitchen counter, as well as a loaf of local Bruce Bread—deep brown, studded with raisins and nuts—for morning toast. All touches that said: Make yourself at home.
Brad and Bronnie Mathews discovered Friday night that the difference between good and bad luck can be 50 feet.
Those are some of the details found in a development proposal that the Cardinals and their partner - Baltimore-based builder Cordish Co. - filed with a city agency this week. It is the strongest confirmation yet of new plans for the high-profile downtown site.
First, Prop. 19 would allow local municipalities to authorize – or not authorize – selling up to an ounce to individual customers.
2010 La Viarte Colli Orientali del Friuli Ribolla Gialla ($18, 12.5%): Giuseppe and Carla Ceschin are relative newcomers, buying land in 1984 near the Slovenian border. Their Ribolla, from 30-year-old vines on marl and sandstone, is a tangy and acid-driven version, with tarragon and lime zest and more flesh appearing on the finish. (Importer: Kermit Lynch Wine Merchant)
1: MOSELEY - Karrington Armstrong, C
Yes, divided partisans can quickly unite when it comes to regulating their critics.
(f) Only civil service positions
Initially didn't like it? Give it another try
A woman who called police to the scene said she had brought a family pet into the clinic, and was in the waiting room with her 4-year-old son. The mother told an officer that “she was having trouble controlling her son,” the police report said.
Chappelle-Nadal, who also serves on the school board in University City, said she can support "minimal expansion" of charter schools, but the bill was "not thought-out" and was "sloppily written."
Three local streetwise girls, Chiffon, Crystal and Ronette (Gabriella Isaguirre, Miranda Lawson, Ure Egbuho), form a Greek chorus setting the scene and commenting on the action throughout the story with '60s girl-group harmonies and choreography. Jerald Bolden created the dances and directed the essential puppeteers. Aaron Hitchcock cleverly manipulated the Audrey II; other puppeteers were Tom Block, Javen Crosby, Dafydd Wynn and Garrick Sigl.
Prince Manuel, 24, of East Orange, dressed in a navy blue military-style shirt with a nametag that read, "Combat" was asked by the judge if he understood the charges against him.
Delta Air Lines Inc. burned almost 3.9 billion gallons of jet fuel last year at a cost of $11.78 billion. Fuel was 36 percent of its operating expense -- its biggest single expense. Most other airlines also have fuel as their biggest bill.
A rebound in new home sales and cost-cutting efforts have pushed Denver-based builder MDC Holdings Inc. to its first quarterly pre-tax profit since the fall of 2006, the company announced today.
Under their lease, the couple would get an industry standard 12.5 percent of the proceeds from any gas extracted from their property.
<U+0095>When? On sale May 22.
The flights and divisions are:
He identified those sources as septic systems and wastewater treatment plants — both addressed in bills he submitted this year – along with stormwater and agricultural runoff.
"Nobody can impose their policy on us," he proclaimed to a cheering crowd at his victory rally near the Kremlin. "Our people could recognize the provocation from those who want to destroy the country. The Orange scenario will never work here."
Dike's mood and work ethic displays a sense of urgency. He knows that if he's going to make an impression with the Timbers, now is the time. The second-year forward said he worked hard during the offseason in preparation for the Timbers' training camp in an effort to put himself in the mix for the competition at starting forward.
While the generals in the war room tackle big issues like landowner vouchers and game management quotas, many less-experienced hunters find themselves locked in battle with the entry-level task of merely filling out a license application. In the face of declining numbers of woodsmen, some go so far as to blame the clumsy process for turning would-be hunters away.
It would be difficult for the Hawks to win without Smith, who was their best player in the first two games. The best-of-seven series is tied 1-1 with the next two games in Boston.
Lance Cpl. Martin Lopez Jr., 20, of Phoenix, was unresponsive when another Marine found him inside his barracks room about 6 a.m. on April 23.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Hillside police detective bureau at (973) 926-5800.
(05-11) 15:25 PDT San Bernardino, Calif. (AP) --
At the Military Park Light Rail station, a sign that pointed pedestrians to Trinity Cathedral had been edited. "Gotham Museum" and "Gotham Library," were printed in the same font. "Gotham Transit Authority" also seamlessly blended into a sign at the entryway to the rail line, both changes easy to miss if you weren't looking for them.
The District 6 race is an easier call.
The sheriff's office called off its massive search a little more than a week after Kyron went missing, and now considers the case a criminal investigation, though officials have said they have no suspects.
The chain, which helped pioneer the big-box bookseller concept, is seeking court approval to liquidate its stores after it failed to receive any bids that would keep it in business. The move adds Borders to the list of retailers that failed to adapt to changing consumers' shopping habits and survive the recession, including Circuit City Stores Inc., Mervyn's and Linens 'N Things.
"Dwight Howard is the Orlando Magic's team defensively," Webber continued. "He's been that way since they've had him; they've recycled players in and out. And so when he's not there, the lane will be wide open for penetration, also for post-ups, also for rebounding, offensive and defensive, which will allow Indiana to control the pace.
Burnett's unexpected arrival took it away.
Dawson Hunt, 12, and Devin Hunt, 9, were pronounced dead at the scene.
Meldahl and Khan both complained that the city's code enforcement could slow down the reconstruction of their damaged properties. Meldahl accused city inspectors of condemning several of his properties for "absolutely no reason."
<U+0095> Better conference: 5%
"Those are two great quarterbacks and they've had a lot of success at that level. It's kind of something you need, kind of relying on them, getting help from those guys. Like I said, I'm just really just champing at the bit to get to Cleveland and get going on learning this offense and meeting the guys around me and start working to win a lot of football games."
What: After listening to dozens of artists, I thought I'd come to the end of the LineUp. Then I gave Dan Crary a listen, and I realize that somehow I've got to make room because bluegrass this good is like going back home and getting a big hug from Momma.
City Council Member Meg Tuthill, one of six members of the council's public safety committee, said she's a big supporter of Harteau.
Where: Diamond Heights Boulevard at Digby Street.
Peter Goldberg was unavailable Tuesday to comment about the filing. Spokeswoman Donna Winfield declined to comment about the timing and whether employees or regulators were notified.
The Eugene Register-Guard says that a new set of financial projections have cut some revenue categories by more than 30 percent for the 1-year-old Matthew Knight Arena.
“We’re not really Giants fans,” he says. “We’re Colts fans.”
Lertzman said Penn National's plan doesn't go far enough. He and Pressman previously announced plans to build a $300 million racino resort in the Youngstown area but now envision a $400 million project that would include a casino, hotel, golf course and other amenities.
“Coach Johnson was talking about leverage (in blocking) and that was kind of the same thing that (Pope) teaches his guys,” Robinson said. “So we kind of clicked on that part of it.”
I was 12 when I became a latchkey kid. I was technically old enough to stay home alone, meaning I was old enough to know that water put out fires.
It was one of many personal problems the manager encountered during a season in which the Red Sox seemed assured of at worst, the American League wild-card berth. The newspaper also reported that Francona, who has been married to his wife, Jacque, for nearly 30 years, moved out of their house and lived in a hotel.
ATLANTIC CITY — New Jersey Assembly Speaker Sheila Oliver said lawmakers will find a way to prevent the state’s public broadcaster from going off the air Jan. 1.
“I saw headlights and turned back,” Jose Luis Barboza said. “When I saw the car wasn't stopping, I jumped out of the way,” he said, adding that he didn't have time to warn his cousin.
The celebration will have demonstrations on hand-hewing and mortise-and-tenon woodworking, displays of antique farm equipment, a collection of family quilts from the great-granddaughter of Alexander Heisen (who built the barn), spinning demonstrations, tours of the historic homestead, food, music and more.
Erin Callan, demoted in June as Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.'s chief financial officer, joined Credit Suisse Group to lead its investment bank's global hedge-fund business. Ms. Callan is a Credit Suisse managing director. (2007)
In October 2007, Social Security Commissioner Michael J. Astrue met with a delegation of judges from around the country and — dispensing with the customary gesture of shaking hands — complained that many were not productive enough, according to the union that represents the judges. Astrue also accused them of not wanting to be subjected to any professional standards.
Gwen Bowen, who died in March, operated the Gwen Bowen School of Dance Arts in Denver for some 50 years and founded Arts for All. In 2005, the Honoree Kim Robards, left, founded Kim Robards Dance in 1987. LaRana Skalicky is the company's associate executive director. Colorado Dance Association gave her a Lifetime Achievement award. Barbara Dilley started her career with the Merce Cunningham Company in 1963 and joined the faculty of Naropa University in Boulder in 1974 and served as Naropa's president from 1985-1993. The Tony-nominated Lynne Taylor-Corbett began her dance training in Colorado before going on to become a world-renowned choreographer of ballets, plays, musicals and operas.
Schnitzer loved a deceptively simple white dress with a cascade of folded fabric in the front.
Six other Ficano appointees won their lawsuit last month seeking severance payments promised by Ficano. Two other appointees <U+0096> Azzam Elder and Sheri Galofaro-Mendez <U+0096> have suits pending against the county.
The cooler was found about a block from where a smoking SUV and a failed car bomb was found over the weekend.
After last week's fires and assaults on teachers, the district stationed more school police officers and community "climate managers" at West Philadelphia.
“We had talked about entering the Butler Midwest show,” Beuther explained, “But we missed the deadline. She saw the information about the national show and insisted that I enter. One of my photographs had won several area prizes and other artists really liked it, so I decided I would enter that. But you had to send three. He sent “Reflections,” “Amore,” and “Coaster Reflections.”
House Aviation Subcommittee Chairman Jerry Costello, Democrat from Illinois, said the subcommittee will hold a hearing on the United-Continental merger in June.
Saint-Vil said he did not release Silsby, 47, or Coulter, 24, because of their previous activities in Haiti during a December visit. Silsby hastily enlisted the rest of the group after the quake. Coulter, of Boise, Idaho, is diabetic and the judge signed an order Wednesday afternoon authorizing her hospitalization.
"They are mission-driven kids who want to change the world," Kikano said.
At the Atlantic City airport, winds were 28 mph with gusts to 39.
"The wealthiest Americans who earn over a million a year have to share too. And that line in the sand, we haven't seen Republicans willing to cross yet," she said.
"I was hoping to meet him. To me, that was the first thing to do, playing somebody who's not only alive, but contemporary," Eisenberg said. "And that was an impossibility." (Facebook has said it did not cooperate with Sony or the filmmakers and Zuckerberg has said he will not see the film, which he describes as "fiction.")
Everything went as planned: The event was intimate and organic - in many senses of the word. Even the normally hot July afternoon broke to cool by the ceremony's late-afternoon start time.
The beneficiary was Capitals goalie Braden Holtby, who needed to make only 18 saves and didn't need to turn away a shot until nearly 5½ minutes into the game. By then, Washington had taken seven shots.
"Ohio University," he said.
Carefully dredge the chicken in the potato starch until well coated on all sides, then return to the oil and fry for another 2 minutes, again in batches if necessary. Remove with a spider or slotted spoon, shaking off excess oil, and drain on a paper towel-lined plate. Toss the chicken with enough sauce to coat; keep warm while frying remaining wings.
øHe is second on the career list with 5,097 games managed, including with the Chicago White Sox (1979-86) and Oakland Athletics (1986-95).
Service: Conscientious, friendly.
The power was something the Cardinals' expected to develop. The rest of his tools and what position he would play was uncertain.
-- Jane Miller, Beaverton
Karr told Thai officials that he inadvertently killed the girl, said Lt. Gen. Suwat Tumrongsiskul, head of Thailand's immigration police. Thai and U.S. authorities arrested Karr Wednesday at his apartment on the 9th floor of a rundown building in a seedy Bangkok neighborhood.
Gavin Pate, of San Jose, who tends bar at the Black Watch on North Santa Cruz Avenue, sometimes wondered why a world-famous painter would want to hang out at his bar.
It was second round of the playoffs or bust.
Employees "may remain with Dana through recruitment processes or job-posting provisions under our labor contracts," Hartlage said. "Outplacement assistance and severance pay will be provided to employees who do not secure ongoing employment with Dana."
Amid such an uncertain situation, teachers face an enormous task <U+0097> lifting the scores of seventh- and eighth-graders in a school where some of those children are reading at a first- or second-grade level.
The state's county income tax mistake revealed this week immediately sparked a partisan divide in Indianapolis over whether to sock away $41.3 million in unexpected money for next year, as the mayor wants, or to tap it sooner to fill shortfalls.
UC-San Diego political science professor and author Steve Erie said government agencies tend to have more white-collar workers than private sector businesses, but studies show those government workers tend to make less than private sector counterparts.
The county’s minority populations — Hispanics, in particular — have also increased over the past 10 years, and more residents live below the federal poverty level: 6.5 percent in 1999 to 9.1 percent in 2008.
A deal is expected to close by May, according to the source, an O'Fallon employee who spoke on condition of anonymity due to the confidential nature of the sale negotiations. The proposed agreement would allow O'Fallon's seven office and brewery workers to remain on staff, and it would give the company the capital and leadership necessary to grow. The source did not identify the investor.
But in April, Wally Berry, a Texas- and Cleveland-based entrepreneur who then directed the project, abruptly left the job. Gene Schreckengost then put off the opening until June, but that deadline passed as well.
Leopold's Books
In an unsolicited remark, Russo expressed the pressure he was feeling being required under the terms of his plea deal to testify against Dimora and Gabor.
Under the Healthy People 2010 initiative, states were expected to reduce their rates of childhood obesity to 5 percent this year. Girls in Wyoming and Montana came closest, with obesity rates of less than 7 percent.
"It really enables somebody to have an opportunity to win big," he said.
The team also lost its second-round pick in this week's NFL draft and was fined $500,000. Goodell took away the Saints' second-round pick in 2013 as well, but has said he may lessen that punishment if he is satisfied with the club's cooperation in the ongoing investigation.
In February last year, several militant groups joined forces in Sinai and nine months later declared in messages posted on militant websites the creation of an Islamic emirate in Sinai and stated their allegiance to al-Qaida and its leader, al-Zawahri.
But after the Broncos recovered an onside kick, Tebow got two more heaves to the end zone that were deflected away.
Pettine acknowledged that part of the team’s plan this offseason was to get players who could help neutralize New England’s big tight ends Rob Gronkowski and Aaron Hernandez.
"I will be forever indebted to these brave, courageous heroes," he said, choking up. "I have thanked them many times and will continue to do so."
This year, New York City taxpayers will fork over $8.4 billion for city workers’ pensions, up from $1.3 billion a decade ago. City pension costs are a crisis -- one that the city’s fiscal watchdog, John Liu, should tackle. Instead, Comptroller Liu just released a report whose title might as well be “Nothing to See Here, Folks -- Just Leave Your Wallet and Move Along.”
It is not yet clear what's responsible for Denver's dispensary deflation.
"I was real nervous when they recovered that onside kick," Testaverde said.
She said by the time hand signals were relayed, a big chunk of the shot clock was gone.
And yes, the various Indonesian martial arts unleashed here are novel.
In the pre-fight press conference, he was glib and quick-witted. Holmes tried to keep up.
Add to the dress white-and-gold stilettos and a tiara and Shannon's outfit is completed while her mom's wallet is depleted.
We stayed in accommodations varying from fine hotels to semi-primitive tents and visited a rural school as well as farm and city families for a real cross section of India's heart.
The other market was cars. Ales is a car man. Buyers were paying millions for exotic cars from the 1960s with high-power engines like the Riva's. And the boat came with the added attraction of history and panache.
“Keep a record of the amounts, times and temperatures of everything you did so you can nudge cheese into the direction you want to go,” Hoffmann says. “Everything is tweakable.”
Just as it had done against USC and Stanford in the MPSF tournament, Irvine lost the first set against Penn State.
Heathered yarns give the reds and blues depth and dimension against the smooth ivory cotton of our Suzani Table Throw. The embroidered floral designs have just enough graphic punch and color to make a subtle statement. Our Lara Linens and Jackie Linens make a nice complement.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Beverly Hills police say they have concluded Whitney Houston's death investigation and found no signs that a crime occurred.
5. Matt Barnes played despite nursing an injury. He hardly provided much of a scoring punch, going only one-of-six from the field But Barnes' effectiveness mostly falls into the intangibles, such as effective swing and cross-court passes, sharp cuts and aggressive plays. He didn't speak to reporters afterward, but his four steals and six rebounds in 30 minutes suggested the ankle injury won't sap his aggressiveness.
Finding help, prevention
Before Jon Tracy was an in-demand theater director, he was a kid from Vallejo dipping his toes into the theatrical waters of Solano Community College's actor training program.
The price tag will rise even further as millions of people who currently receive health insurance at work learn that their employers are sending them into the subsidized coverage in the exchanges.
"I first asked (Manzo)," Elwell testified, "Why do I have to hold (the cash), why don’t you hold it?" But Manzo "said he (Dwek) was a little weird, which I could sense from the conversations we were having at lunch."
Smackdown has seen a few debuts in recent weeks, in the form of Damien Sandow through pre-recorded promos and Ryback through squash matches. Tonight's episode saw three more superstars join the ranks.
8003 Hicks Av, $80,000
Authorities believe Jason Todd "JT" Ready killed his girlfriend and three others, including a toddler, in a domestic dispute Wednesday at a Gilbert home.
Ohio's teachers unions are assessing their members about $5 million to fund the repeal campaign. But what some union leaders aren't telling them is that -- even if SB 5 is repealed -- dramatic changes in state laws that pertain to teachers and their unions are inevitable.
In the past two decades, earthquake geologists have discovered strong evidence that great and often "giant" earthquakes (magnitudes 8 and 9) have repeatedly struck the Pacific Northwest in the past several thousand years -- most recently 310 years ago on that wintry January night.
Johnson looked on into the rubble from the front door, no emotion on his face. The Freeport-McMoRan skyscraper downtown could be seen in the distance, as fire investigators and insurance adjustors milled about the remains of the 10,000-square-foot home near 56th Street and Camelback Road, along the south slope of Camelback Mountain.
Following the news about whether high-fructose corn syrup, or HFCS, is bad for you or not is a lot like watching professional table tennis: You could get whiplash trying to keep up. However, many of the favorable studies are from HFCS manufacturers or associations, and we don't think their data are great. Besides, there's growing evidence that avoiding this cheap sugar replacement could help you avoid heart disease, stroke and diabetes, not to mention wrinkles and impotence.
Gilbert gained the title of fastest growing community in the United States for most of the first five or six years of this century. -- The Arizona Republic ________________________________________________________________________
Not long after his wife went missing, Robert Jarrett remarried and continued living in the same home. But a few months ago, he left his second wife and moved to Calvert County.
Noon-7:30 p.m. daily. Dolores Street, between Ocean and Seventh avenues, Carmel-by-the-Sea. (831) 384-4149. figgecellars.com.
Aside from that, pollution control efforts from storm water management restrictions to upgrade sewage treatment plants might have surely played a part, but how much is hard to say. Poor water quality has clearly hurt crab reproduction. The loss of bay underwater grasses has deprived the species of food and good places to hide while molting. Expanding dead zones (areas that lack dissolved oxygen) in the summer have become a problem for crabs as well.
Endurance athletes, for instance, are prone not only to dehydration and stress fractures, but also to high cholesterol and high blood pressure. Burning tons of calories keeps them skinny, but if they eat poorly, they'll still suffer adverse consequences.
Coming into the season, Babbitt’s biggest hurdle had been getting into a game. In his rookie season, he played 137 minutes in 24 games. This season, he was sent to Boise for a second tour with the Idaho Stampede in the NBA Development League. It wasn’t until coach Nate McMillan was fired in March and the Blazers shifted into more of a developmental gear that Babbitt began to get regular playing time. Before McMillan was fired, he played in 17 games, averaging 5.1 minutes. After the firing, Babbitt played in 23 games and averaged 19.5 minutes.
1500 block of La Loma Drive - 7/6 - Burglary in progress
St. Charles County Prosecutor Jack Banas said he wouldn't look into the issue in detail unless someone filed a complaint.
About 100 yen ($1.20) buys amulets granting good health, good grades, release from tension, career advancement, a strong marriage or good luck in "traffic safety." Candles for 50 yen with the same themes are bought and burned. Packets of three pieces of incense are sold for 30 yen. An offering can be given and a prayer made, then perhaps granted by the swinging of a large rope that, when done properly, sets off a gong high on the temple rim.
Hillstone's patio is out back on private property. No one told the restaurant it couldn't legally allow dogs, Martin said.
President Mike Edwards said in a written statement that cautious consumer spending, negotiations with publishers and other vendors and a lack of liquidity made it clear Borders "does not have the capital resources it needs to be a viable competitor."
Two years ago the Royals opened their season in Park Slope and the Falcons handed them a stunning loss. Less people will be shocked now if Ford pulls the upset, but it will show the rest of the city it should be taken very seriously this season.
1 tablespoon orange juice
States with tougher seat belt laws translate to more teens buckling up, according to a new seat belt study conducted by The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia and State Farm Insurance. The study found that new teen drivers who live in states with secondary enforcement seat belt laws are less likely to buckle up than teens driving in primary enforcement states.
Almukdad started looking into local companies that could perform a top-to-bottom energy audit -- as well as do the work themselves.
øContract signings typically indicate where the housing market is headed. There's a one- to two-month lag between a signed contract and a completed deal, and not all contracts end with sold homes.
"You have to make decisions, and my decision is to move with children," he said. "We are in concurrence with these provision as I've outlined, whether they are in Senate Bill 5 or not. If I could have legislated it differently, I would have."
They were at 8-under 136, meaning only eight shots separate first from worst going into the final 36 holes on a most unpredictable Stadium Course. The top 14 players on the leaderboard were separated by three strokes.
"American Experience" (9 p.m. Monday and 8 p.m. Tuesday, Feb. 20 and 21, Channel 25 and Channel 49): Bill Clinton is the subject of this two-part entry in the documentary series' acclaimed presidential profiles.
The sixth-seeded Lancers advance to take on No. 2 seed Hazelwood Central (12-4) in an 8:30 p.m. semifinal Wednesday.
The Police Department is down to 20 sworn officers, 10 fewer than at the end of the last fiscal year, June 30. Since then, four officers, including then-Chief Fred Deltorchio, have retired, and another six were laid off, including three last month.
His truck had a stick-on sign with a company name but carried no phone number or location. Both the truck and the ladder he used were pristine, she said, like they'd never seen a construction site.
LeBron James attempted to show he had shaken off his poor Game 5 on the Cavs' first possession by going for a backdoor cut dunk. On film, the Cavs saw Boston had been overplaying passing lanes and they ran several of those back-door plays in the first quarter. But they were undercut by some sloppy passing and ball-handling. They ended the quarter with six turnovers.
and Olivette are investigating damage at two St. Louis County Verizon stores overnight.
During his first term, Mutharika persisted with a program to help farmers buy fertilizer even though Western donor nations and agencies said subsidies should be avoided in a free market. His subsidies were credited with boosting Malawi's economy.
Tim Dolan was appointed Minneapolis Police Chief in 2006. He has served two terms.
HOBOKEN -- Thousands flocked to the streets of Hoboken yesterday for the spring Arts & Music Festival, The Jersey Journal reports.
Bear River's Kendal Nielsen, whose best of 39-5 ranks No. 4 in California and No. 9 nationally, will be among Wallace's top challengers.
"I've said from the beginning with this organization that we're here to win. I'm here to win," Paulson said. "If there's an opportunity out there, I'm willing to invest if it's the right thing for the organization. That's what we've done here."
Walt & Pat Brande
The finals were preceded by two weekends of preliminary bouts, also held in Brook Park.
Dialing it down is exactly what Morris did. It allowed him throw accurately. While his arm strength has never been in question, his consistency has. Morris showed that he<U+0092>s able to take some pace off his passes to make for a more catchable product.
Seven weeks after his abrupt announcement to step down as manager, La Russa remains in close contact with St. Louis. He has arranged a two-day benefit at the Peabody Opera House that begins
Before games, I set goals for myself, so I set how many goals I want to get, how many assists, interceptions, stuff on defense and it feels great when I reach them. Because I feel like I set my goals so high, in games when I don't do well even though I still might have done well to me I failed, because I didn't reach the goals I wanted to reach. And in school, it's gotten so much better senior year, but as a freshman and sophomore if I got below a 90, I'd go home and cry. I'd be, "No. I got a B." My mom would be like, "Sam, that's ridiculous. You put too much pressure on yourself." (Laughs)
The issue appears to have resonated little with Dora's biggest fans, the millions of parents and their children who seem mostly unaware of the discussion encircling their beloved cartoon.
City Council and the mayor have asked the state for all the tools it needs to create buffers for seniors and people on fixed income. City Council will make sure we keep people in their homes.
Pilate said it's more likely Operation Rescue either received nonmedical records, such as sign-in sheets containing names and ages of patients, or was able to piece together patient information that had been shredded. She said the clinic will look at options such as incineration to make sure discarded records don't fall into the wrong hands.
Up on a stage, Tom Farley sets up his audio equipment, but pauses to wave to familiar faces.
"We, like many other jurisdictions, were misled as to the security of the financing," he said on television.
"Slidell Police had already been investigating a similar case that happened just two weeks ago," WGNO News Reporter Darian Trotter said.
Before the game, Scioscia acknowledged Pujols is "clearly not in sync." He was 1 for 4 Saturday, setting up the Angels' first run with a first-inning single. But his last three at-bats (two ground outs and a called third strike) gave further evidence of Scioscia's sync-ing feeling and dropped Pujols' average to .226. Pujols has ended April with a batting average over .320 seven times in his career and under .250 just once before (.245 last season).
A: Drivers will still have to carry personal-injury-protection insurance, but there will now be limits on treatment in the event of an accident. They must seek treatment within a 14-day window, and only emergency medical conditions warrant the full $10,000 worth of treatment reimbursed by PIP. The law also tightens licensing requirements for medical clinics that seek to have their services paid for by PIP.
Jim Sansone, a principal with Sansone Group, said that, without tax incentives, "this project will not happen."
Why'd you come to Cleveland?
A: This can be difficult to answer, because it depends on a lot of factors in your home, but there are plenty of resources and experts to help you and your family be as prepared as possible.
Since the New Deal, the Supreme Court has defined commerce very broadly to include anything that could have any effect on interstate commerce. That broad reading empowers Congress to make it illegal for your 8-year-old to operate a homemade lemonade stand and refuse to sell lemonade to racial minorities. Why? The water, sugar, fruit juice and revenue -- even in tiny amounts -- could have an effect on interstate commerce. That same thinking now makes it a federal crime to commit an act of kidnapping across state lines. Or to engage in Internet crimes. The only question to be asked by a court in reviewing a law predicated on the Commerce Clause is whether it could have an effect on interstate commerce.
Byrne said the city will make an announcement when the new speed and red-light cameras start clicking. A month-long grace period is planned before fines start being assessed. Look for more information in future columns.
5. Surf, turf, balls and pucks
4843 HAZEL RD $275,000
"I don't put a lot into it, to be honest," Yallop said. "Obviously, they get counted up and it ends up at 100 wins, but I just want to do well for this club. Hopefully I can get a few more and we can make the playoffs."
Garvas is a concealed carry instructor and teaches a required class to qualify for a license. He said people who took his class years ago but didn't follow through on getting the license are now coming back for a refresher so that they can get the permit.
He said he opposes Santa Ana's ban on marijuana dispensaries because people with illnesses ranging from Alzheimer's to glaucoma can benefit from them. He said he worries that bans in the United States like Santa Ana's contribute to Mexico's drug war, and that patients would be forced to buy from criminals if clinics were to close.
This economy has been a test of that. It's been a test of whether or not we all feel good about what we're doing, the steps we're taking.
Twitter's role in 2012 presidential campaign extends beyond 140 characters
The director of Union County’s Department of Public Safety, Andrew Moran, said a hazardous materials team has been on site and nearby since shortly after the blaze sparked Wednesday afternoon and has yet detected any danger to the public from any toxic fumes or other byproducts from the fire.
The role of the Juvenile Court <U+0096> and the secrecy surrounding its actions <U+0096> adds a new layer to the mystery and the apparent systemwide failure that allowed a baby under CPS care to go missing for 11 months.
Belief is a two-way street, which appeared to be lacking over the past four years with the Yankees.
Extreme skiers speed down steep slopes, take dizzying leaps, flip, twist, turn and somehow land right side up. One of the extreme skier-stars is Brian, when he was 14, 15 and 16.
This weekend, Marvel fans in the U.S. will get to see Captain America, Hulk, Thor, Iron Man and other peacekeepers of S.H.I.E.L.D. do what they do best, and in 3-D, IMAX, Surround-sound fury, too.
"He is better today," manager Jim Leyland said Friday. "Where that leads to, I really don't know."
Asset said in a statement that it had settled the case without admitting any wrongdoing, adding that many of its practices had changed since the investigation started in 2006.
Douglas Franklin Jones, 56, was found dead in a wooded area from what appeared to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound; a handgun was found nearby, according to Sherry Llewellyn, spokeswoman for the Howard County Police Department.
Hiu credits the expansion of programs such as Advanced Placement for helping students become more organized and giving teachers extra training on teaching rigorous curriculum. The school also bought a classroom set of writing books for every language arts teacher at Barlow.
Mr. & Mrs. Robert Lokting
WHAT'S NEXT: Investors are awaiting the government's report on U.S. jobs, which is due out Friday.
"I think of it as another tool in the tool belt," said Don McPhillips, head athletic trainer at John Carroll. "Trying to identify concussions is tough. We have 200 athletes and three trainers, so you can't keep track of everyone on every play."
Mary Jo Young: 9th on vault, 11th on bars.
"He was one of the most admired and respected leaders in the worldwide Olympic movement for four decades," said William Hybl Jr., president emeritus of the U.S. Olympic Committee. "He embodied the principles of Olympic ideals throughout his life as an educator, coach, father and role model, for achievement and for overcoming barriers."
Who are the major players?
Movie of the year: "Bridesmaids," ‘‘The Hunger Games," ‘‘Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2," ‘‘The Help," ‘‘The Twilight Saga: breaking Dawn-Part1."
The brewing systems prompted the National Weather Service's Bob Case to remark that conditions were "perfect" for a huge storm - a modifier Junger borrowed for his book. The expression "perfect storm" has since become a fixture of language to describe almost any critical situation created by a confluence of events. (For instance, it was widely used to describe events contributing to the Cardinals' loss to the Texas Rangers in Game 5 of the World Series.)
Webster had a few shots late and made it 55-53 on a Simmons' free throw with 0.6 seconds left. He tried to miss the second shot but missed the rim and Marquette ran out the clock.
Shahzad Qureshi told The Jersey Journal that his son, a veteran of the U.S. Navy who served in Afghanistan, told him he was visiting one of the men accused in the attack when another man entered the apartment and both men attacked him.
The Maple Shade zoning board unanimously agreed that an alternative treatment center is not a permitted use for a former office furniture store along Route 73.
To become a U.S. citizen, foreign candidates have to be at least 18 years old and legal permanent residents of the U.S. They must have lived continuously in the U.S. for five years and passed a written test.
Augusto Fine Art Gallery
Koschman was "assaulted," though "the circumstances surrounding the assault are unclear," wrote his doctor, Joshua M. Rosenow, a neurosurgeon.
Looking to add depth along the offensive line, Denver made Blake the 13th pick of the fourth round, No. 108 overall.
Port Clinton's special-occasion restaurant has been serving tourists and locals alike from its downtown perch for decades (and yes, perch is on the menu). The restaurant, in a century house built on the site of the city's first lighthouse, takes an enlightening approach to food, as well. In addition to a wide variety of full-sized meals, the restaurant offers a selection of mini entrees, smaller portions that won't stuff you. My chicken orzooly ($11.95) was a surprisingly ethnic offering in middle Ohio, with homemade hummus and chicken alongside a parsley and orzo salad. The restaurant has a full bar and a surprisingly sophisticated children's menu.
Tyndall, 41, has coached at Morehead State the past six seasons, leading the program to two NCAA tournament appearances, including an upset of Louisville in the first round in 2011.
Separately, the Hanson report calls for revival of Atlantic City’s convention business. Criticizing a generation of underinvestment in non-gaming activities, it suggests adding family type amusement rides on an expanded boardwalk, and possibly the addition of a NASCAR track.
The ferry idea is well worth another try.
The Question: Name three of the most important attributes for a law firm managing partner.
Proceeds benefit the Team Red Lizard Scholarship Fund for high school students in track and field or cross country.
Crockam had been wanted for possession of an illegal rifle and hollow-point bullets from a case in December. It is not known whether Matlosz knew of Crockam’s record.
Gregg Allman writes that Cher had barely heard of the Allman Brothers when they met in 1973.
WASHINGTON — Jon Corzine, the former senator and governor of New Jersey, is slated to tell a Congressional committee today that he does not know what happened to the customer funds that went missing in the run-up to MF Global's bankruptcy.
"His band shows a different style on pretty much every new recording," said Piero Scaruffi, author of "A History of Rock Music, 1951-2000." ''The reason is that Otis did not force his personality on others but worked with the personality of the others. He may not have been a great composer or performer himself, but he was an impressive conductor."
On July 21, one of Tobyne's three adult children contacted the department to report him missing. Tobyne reportedly had been with his wife for Thanksgiving, but had missed Christmas with his family and the birth of a grandchild, police said.
Q: You got engaged last year. When's the wedding?
Democrats and Republicans are engaged in the once-in-a-decade process of redrawing the state’s 40 legislative districts according to Census data that’s set to be released this week. A 10-member commission made up of five Democrats and five Republicans will work to come up with a map, and if they can’t agree on one within a month of receiving the data – which almost always happens – chief Justice Stuart Rabner will appoint an 11th tie-breaking member.
Watson and Kenyatta said the discussions should have been during public meetings to ensure that residents know how their elected leaders are handling the delicate -- and often controversial -- task of solving the city's budget crisis.
John Chasnoff of the ACLU said the police union essentially wants to operate under a different set of laws then the rest of the state. "If an officer's accused of violating the law, that's an issue citizens should have access to," he said.
Organizing a live performance of one of the loudest, most blood-curdling anthems in the history of metal between innings of a Major League Baseball game? Not so easy, we must admit.
Bryant was the Pac-10's leader with 12 saves last season. He's also a member of the watch list for the NCBWA Stopper of the Year Award and is a first team preseason All-American by Louisville Slugger/Collegiate Baseball Magazine, ESPN and College Baseball Insider.
Schundler said the NJEA’s support for the Race to the Top application supplements endorsements already received from the American Federation of Teachers affiliate in Newark, and from superintendents and school board presidents in more than 430 districts statewide.
But, again, such contentious situations arise, in part, because the state did not spell out clear rules to guide the process.
“I have to give them a lot of credit, to run in that house like they did. If it wasn’t for them, there definitely would have been injuries,” said Malden police officer Richard Barthelmes, who said the third floor was engulfed by the time he arrived.
CRC officials sank more than $40 million in taxpayer money into consultants who came up with the initial proposal for a $4.2 billion, 12-lane superbridge across the Columbia.
The BeachLine will see the 50-cent rise because it is owned jointly by the state and the Orlando agency.
I've also been thinking of someone in my past who I still have feelings for (his birthday is Oct. 31, 1969). I was born Sept. 4, 1970, at 5:30 a.m.
Those results were published in the Dec. 20 journal Obstetrics & Gynecology.
Even Britain and France, home to millions of migrants from former colonies, are questioning their strong multicultural traditions, with the French government currently considering legislation.
Beck said it is unlikely that early voting will increase the overall voter turnout because those voting early tend to be people who were going to vote anyway and are partisan, so they already have their minds made up. The key for the campaigns is to help encourage them to remember to get those ballots in.
Last summer, Castillo accepted a plea agreement and pleaded guilty to one misdemeanor count of aggravated assault. He was given nine months of unsupervised probation. Rodriguez pleaded guilty to one count of aggravated assault and one misdemeanor count of shoplifting and was given three years of probation.
EAST ORANGE — Picture this: You’re walking down the street at night when suddenly a spotlight flashes onto someone lurking beside a parked car and appearing to be jimmying the lock.
The city's ragtag software developers are starting to coalesce into companies, graduating from an infatuation with technology and adopting some old-fashioned ambition.
Their experiments, described recently in Science, the American Scientist and the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, reveal the unexpected ways in which the microscopic and molecular behavior of carbonation make champagne tingle in the nose and tap-dance on the tongue. Champagne owes much of its magic -- its savor, scent and glow -- to the micro-mechanics of CO2 bubbles, they reported.
Phone messages left at Greenway University for Escamilla were not returned. A woman named Wendy who answered the phone there said Greenway had no affiliation with Harmony.
The board recommended Lewton and Reyna, the initial on-scene supervisor, face two-week suspensions without pay; that Birkinbine, who came to assist Reyna, get a one-week suspension without pay; and that Lt. Derek Rodrigues and then-Capt. Bob Day, who were being briefed by Reyna when the shooting occurred, receive written reprimands. Day was promoted to commander less than a month after the shooting.
The study showed for the first time that wind farms of a certain scale, while producing clean, renewable energy, do have some long-term effect on the immediate environment.
Listen to her if you have the opportunity.
Gaborik's goal, his second of the postseason, was at once redemptive for him and his team. If there's an inherent drawback to the Rangers' style of play, it's that they leave themselves little margin for error. They scored four goals in their playoff opener, against the Ottawa Senators, but they haven't reached that total in any of their nine games since. Gaborik, their leading scorer during the regular season, had gone scoreless through his previous eight games, and he played most of Wednesday as if he were blindfolded, so much difficulty did he have in keeping the puck on his stick.
Katherine O'Leary, 25, of Hillman, Mich., isn't sure whether she supports Romney but she knows she opposes Obama. "I think he's an amateur and he doesn't know what he's doing," she says. But she's leery of Romney, in part because of the health care bill he signed into law in Massachusetts.
Last year, when the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals curtailed the Federal Communications Commission's powers to punish networks for "fleeting expletives," many worried that network television would become a battlefield of exploding F-bombs and barely bleeped C-words. Turns out, all the decision, currently under review by the Supreme Court, did was unleash the "bitches."
øDanko did not immediately respond to an interview request from the Associated Press. Neither did Butler board of trustees Chairman Craig Fenneman or A-10 Commissioner Bernadette McGlade.
Also, the company is still working on tools for editing the photos, so, for now, you can't do common things like cropping, or changing brightness or contrast. The camera lacks a flash, though this is partly offset by its unusually large f/2 lens, which is always fully open, letting in a lot of available light, even when zoomed. Also, the camera doesn't come with a charger. You have to charge it, slowly, by plugging it into a computer, or, more rapidly, by using one of a list of approved chargers from other devices, such as an iPhone charger.
øEverything he needs, he says, is on three mobile devices: an iPhone, BlackBerry and a small LG flip-style phone.
"Initially, they furnished it with equipment they had had at home. They eventually worked with the business office to identify people who listed woodworking as an interest on their Oak Crest applications," his daughter said. "They would interview these guys to learn what equipment they had. If it was nothing exceptional, they would ask if they would be willing to use the proceeds from selling it to help purchase new equipment for the shop.
At Central High, the Wilson students met Elizabeth Eckford, who will forever be known as one of the Little Rock Nine. Photos of Eckford appeared around the globe as a 15-year-old black girl walking through an angry crowd of whites outside the high school.
Examples range from a high school teen, who wants to be a chef, making "incredible things" in local chefs' kitchens to sell at a Fourth of July festival near Baltimore, to a senior who asks neighbors in her assisted living home to support her cause.
D.H., Chicago
I hope you all had a wonderful Valentine's Day as I did with Tony Bennett when he was back in town to sing his and my favorite song, "I Left My Heart in San Francisco." Where did you leave yours?
Wal-Mart successfully convinced the appeals court to revisit its 2007 ruling made by a three-judge panel with a larger 11-judge panel, arguing that women who allege discrimination should file individual lawsuits. The retailer argued that the number of litigants that the lawsuit purports to represent is too big to defend.
The transition from gymnastics to diving has been beyond smooth. Competing at Zumwalt West and with her club team, STL Diving, Green has taken her new sport by storm. This season, she has posted the best six-dive total in the St. Louis area, scoring 299.55 points in a Dec. 12 meet against Francis Howell North. Only Pembroke Hill's Hannah Bortner has scored better in a single meet, and her
This is a key federal health reform component that encourages providers to band together to assume responsibility for the care of a certain number of Medicare patients. Providers are rewarded financially for outcomes and cost control.
Thousands rallied Monday on the steps of the Georgia state Capitol. The crowd chanted "I am Trayvon!" and "Arrest Zimmerman now!" The protest ended with the crowd linking hands and singing, "We Shall Overcome."
After authorities caught wind of the operation, the Chicago Police Department and FBI began running separate investigations beginning in 2005. In 2007, they joined efforts, dubbing the investigation Operation Paper Mountain.
Fey has observed that is healthy for democracy.
What it is: This tranquil, urban tea lounge infuses organic Square One vodka with Egyptian peppermint and green tea for six hours. Then the staff adds splashes of organic lime juice, agave nectar and sparkling mineral water to create this anti-sugar Mojito, which is fitting for a place that serves only organic and vegetarian food, liquor, teas and wines.
In this production, we actually had Georgia Dobbins come in and meet with our music director and the young woman who is performing the song in the show. And with a lot of urging, she actually sang for us what the original "Please Mr. Postman" sounded like, less like a poppy song, more like Etta James. She said that was the first time she had sung it in 50 years.
And maybe then, there won’t be any more dropped pop-ups on opening day.
After three years at the Gannett station in Sacramento, Calif., Kelly Jackson is back in town and will debut Saturday as weekend anchor of "Today in St. Louis" on KSDK (Channel 5). (Look for her reintroduction on the show Wednesday morning.) She'll also anchor the 5, 6 and 10 p.m. newscasts on Saturdays.
While Clifford has achieved many significant results during his career, he is particularly proud of a $14 million verdict he attained in the mid-1980s for a boy who was severely injured in an auto accident.
Fire companies from nine municipalities brought the fire under control about 10:45 p.m., officials said.
But you can take basic precautions against completely foreseeable problems. Waiting a couple of years to marry can tell you a million things you can learn no other way - including whether you even like the person after the initial attraction wears off. It can also tell you, if you're paying attention, whether he handles his job, family, friends, money and bills, his health/sickness, your health/sickness, other challenges, bad weather, good fortune, unintended consequences, being under others' control and other typical variables well.
The council also approved a partnership with the Cleveland arm of Emerald Cities, a Washington, D.C.-based group that promotes environmentally friendly initiatives, to make county and municipal buildings more efficient.
The delayed show, "Ends of the Earth: Land Art to 1974," is one of the sweeping examinations of movements and themes in contemporary art that have given MOCA a reputation as one of the world's leading museums of post-World War II art. By pushing back its long-planned opening from April 8 to May 27, MOCA freed its Geffen Contemporary building for "Transmission LA: AV Club," an 18-day festival beginning April 19 that's a confluence of art, commerce and pop culture.
"I thought it should send a harsher message," she said.
According to meteorologist John Gresiak at AccuWeather, “The higher up you are, and farther away from the coast within the I-95 zone, the better the chance of not only wet snowflakes mixing in, but also a heavy accumulation of wet snow.”
The Will County Coroner's office was not releasing the man's name or address as of Saturday morning, pending notification of next of kin.
Santa Clara County Fire Department. Administrative Headquarters 14700 Winchester Blvd., Los Gatos. (408) 378-4010 or (800) 800-1793.
As they prepared for the helicopter assault in volatile eastern Afghanistan, the team of American and Afghan special-forces soldiers was told it might encounter 10 to 15 enemy fighters on the ground.
"We (started) working Monday on Blue Springs South, just like we're going through a normal game week," Koch said. "We can't (look ahead). We've got to go out Friday and give it everything we've got against an extremely talented football team."
Grider's gear detected high levels of gas from the dead area of the lawn. He was doing more checks at 1:35 p.m. when Paana's 17-year-old granddaughter, Sunny Dickson, in a bathroom with her mother, tried to light a cigarette.
In 1983, another sign that the city was evolving came when the Scottsdale Unified School District opted to close the city's original high school, which bore the city's name. The land, north of Indian School road and south of Scottsdale Road, now houses hotels and condominiums.
In point of fact, Kelly's strategy put the Ducks in position for a makeable field goal to tie and force overtime, and even centered the ball for the attempt.
"He really came through for us," Guerra said of Ellis, who was 4 for 5 with a run.
Sean Noble, a policy director with Illinois Voices for Children, said the state's nationally recognized Preschool for All program took a 10 percent budget hit this year that was further aggravated by the state's inability to pay its bills to child care providers seeking reimbursement. About 7,600 3- to 5-year-olds lost access to programs this year, he said.
“He just goes off every time,” Johnson said. “The friggin’ dude’s unblockable. I don’t know what it is. I don’t know if he just matches up well against their guys. He just always has big games against the Steelers.”
I believe there is a more pressing question: "What do you think will be the major green development that will change the prospects for the planet and the poor?"
But Muhammad needed a lawyer if he was going to plead guilty. So authorities say Williams called Minor, who spent nearly five years as chief law enforcement officer for one of New Jersey’s largest counties.
"Tony's not the manager this year, so I don't know what he would have done," said Freese, smiling. "I'm glad he was watching (upstairs)."
Rolley says he has a five-pronged plan to increase business that includes teaming up with universities and hospitals to nurture small businesses and overhauling the Baltimore Development Corp., the city's quasi-public economic development arm.
Police Chief Stacy Carlson told the crowd that she's been asked by residents if the city could block Opheim's move to Golden Valley or force him to go elsewhere. "The city has no say one way or another," she said. "But we understand that it is somewhat concerning, and a little bit disturbing."
The agreement also adds a 2 percent step increase based on years of experience. The teachers' salary schedule has 27 steps. Teachers at the top of the schedule would not receive a step increase, Griggs said.
The chips that go into smart phones compete for production capacity with other chips at the gigantic factories run by contract manufacturers such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. and United Microelectronics Corp. Makers of a vast array of electronics, from TVs to data center switches, also depend on the factories.
If Democrats kill the package, it would mark a stunning defeat for Obama and a huge political bet that voters will blame Republicans as much as Democrats for an impasse that would lead to higher taxes starting Jan. 1. Many congressional insiders doubt that Democrats will take that gamble. But liberal lawmakers' discontent is hard to measure in the wake of last month's big election setbacks.
He starts off the article with this great quote from Frederick Engels, the father of Marxist theory, from a letter to a friend in 1851: "That you are going to America is bad, but I really don't know what other advice to give you. … Outside of New York, the only endurable place is St. Louis."
But when the teller told Perdomo the bank was closed and said she should come back the next day, Perdomo left the bank. She allegedly waited until Tuesday - and then returned to the bank.
The department credits the Affordable Care Act for allowing health centers to serve 3 million new patients with the money already awarded. New grants will help centers serve 1.3 million more in the next two years.
1) Can the Nuggets inject speed into the game?
As the county posted eviction notices on their door, Luther begged the bank for more time.
Internship program
May 26: Annual 5K Fun Run and Walk to benefit the no-kill Denver cat shelter, 9 a.m. $30, $20 children under 12. T-shirts, vendors, refreshments and prizes included. Stapleton Central Park, 8801 E. Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd., RunningGuru.com/website/Herding Cats
Parents brought out their kids decked out in their Halloween-best for the parade and its costume contest, both long-standing local traditions.
Smaller cells could do the same job, but for all phones, not just Wi-Fi enabled ones like the iPhone. They could also carry calls as well as data.
Smith is dubious of the special diet.
2008-09: What if Alex Legion, a five-star transfer from Kentucky, averaged more than 3.5 points on 29 percent shooting in 11.1 minutes per game? What if Chester Frazier, this overachieving team personified and its beating heart, didn't break his hand the night before the Big Ten tournament? What if Weber squeezed one more drop from a 24-10, 12-8 team devoid of NBA talent?
Until now, researching a trip abroad has typically involved schlepping to a store, plunking down $30 for a paperback, and dog-earing its pages while scribbling out an itinerary elsewhere.
Nick's older brother, Josh Walczak, 20, said Nick is still joking around and has a positive attitude despite his ailments. The tragedy has brought them even closer, Josh said. He plans to be present for every step in his recovery.
Cigarettes are passed around and they exchange jokes, punctuated by slaps on the back.
While "Search" garnered positive reviews from NME, Pitchfork and NPR's "All Songs Considered," the attention didn't translate into national or even regional attention in the form of additional gigs. The idea of playing more shows outside of Northeast Ohio is definitely a goal -- and unfortunately so far a hurdle for the band. "We need to go out and play Chicago, New York City, Boston and stuff," Tolar said. "We've been contacting the clubs, but it's just tough. Sometimes I feel like I don't really understand why we're not able to get shows. We've gotten some decent press, I don't know why it's as hard as it is."
Subjectivity
If it's good enough for God, it ought to be good enough for Caesar.
Over time, said Gleason, an increasing number of non-Catholic girls have attended the high school. Currently, she said, almost one-third of the student body is non-Catholic. "We welcome all faiths," she offered.
"You could not do it anymore," he said. "Back then you had a traditional group of farms, basically. ... It was still very rural. Route 29 was a little tiny road. There wasn't very much out here. The idea that this was in the path of development was pretty much inconceivable."
In Florida, Mowry is responsible for 165 employees, 190 contracts and IT support for more than 70 agencies. According to his resume, he added an e-government application that makes $2 million a year and cut costs 16 percent to make up for failing tax revenue.
As Egon recalls, the Gateway Arch was under construction when he and Dorothea arrived to find their new home. Though they enlisted a real estate agent and looked at many houses in University City, none met Dorothea's approval, for she was already smitten with Armstrong's work. They contacted the architect, who dispatched them to his office in Oakland. After some initial skepticism from both parties, Armstrong convinced the Schwarzes that if they purchased an irregularly shaped lot, they would save enough money to pay his architects fees.
“Another Green World” (1975), pictured
Surprise starter Terrence Boyd gave the U.S. an immediate spark, scoring in the game's opening minute. But El Salvador rallied late in the half, going ahead on goals by Lester Blanco and Andres Flores.
Senators begin to vote on Kwon's nomination. Sen. Kevin O'Toole (R-Essex) goes on a several-minute rant about the nature of the questions asked.
Details: 455 N. Galvin Parkway (zoo), 602-273-1341 or phoenixzoo.org; 53 N. Macdonald, 480-898-0907 or azmnh.org.
"Not being able to play football would not have been the end of the world, but football is my life right now. I just want to put my best foot forward doing it."
"The local post office is often not only a community institution, but in rural areas, it's the only one left," said David Morris of the Institute for Local Self-Reliance in Minneapolis. Morris argues that the Postal Service's financial problems are a "manufactured crisis" prompted by overpayments to a federal pension fund and large prepayments for future retiree health benefits.
Every week seems to bring word of a new controversy for Planned Parenthood. A year ago, the federal government almost shut down over funding for the group. In January, the Susan G. Komen foundation decided to stop giving Planned Parenthood grants for breast-cancer screenings, then reversed course after a firestorm of criticism.
Travis' passenger, Deonta Lumpkin, sued the department and the officer last year.
The boys didn't look up.
Among those two shots behind was Stewart Cink, winless since he captured the British Open at Turnberry in 2009.
He said he begged off a third match and hurried home.
Such efforts seem particularly odd in El Mirage because the Latinos got here first. They came to this arid, empty spot northwest of Phoenix in 1937, establishing what's now the city's downtown as a community for migrant workers employed on the farmland that once filled the surrounding landscape. They built their own homes, groceries and restaurants.
She hands him a piece of surgical gauze. If he’d asked for the “Stab-eroo,” she would have known he wanted the angiocath, a tube from the heart-lung machine.
CDC recommends a three-step approach to fight the flu: vaccination; daily hand and cough hygiene; and the use of antiviral drugs if infection does occur. Call your doctor immediately if you think you have the flu for quick access to antiviral medication that will reduce the risk of complications and spread of the disease.
FROM: UO Athletics
The Indianapolis Colts are expected to draft Luck first overall.
Roy left encouraged by his progress, saying his knees felt pretty close to "pain free."
As has happened elsewhere, RecycleForce found rescuers, including Catholics, who were outraged by what they saw as dogmatic rigidity overriding common sense.
Which brings us back to the madness. What, most fundamentally, should Mr. Samad now ask of us — of our government, of me, or of my family? Whatever his questions, I'm not sure I'd have any answers for him. I'm also not sure anyone responsible for our military involvement in and around his village will have any answers for him either.
Acting Police Chief Jon Rechtzigel said police responded to a domestic dispute at the address in 2009. A records search found no serious criminal convictions on Tatum's record in Minnesota.
After our friend left, I took the iPad upstairs. I had taken its protective cover off when I took the afternoon pictures. The cover is magnetic and often pulls loose when I click a picture. I had recently caught the iPad in my right hand as the cover pulled off in my left mid-picture.
Many of the City of Detroit's unions are voting this week on concessionary contracts designed to help ward off the city's financial ruin.
And through it all, the game simply weighed too heavily on the quarterback’s shoulders.
The details are intriguing:
"I think 'Diner' changed the culture," said Barkin, who took a train down from New York to be at the celebration. "It really changed what it meant to be funny. I'm intensely proud to have been part of it."
"Ty is going to be a great player. He's had some great games for us. (This) was not one of them," Nuggets coach George Karl said afterward.
Did you know that God wants to help us transform the crooked areas of our lives into straight paths?
He got to take that swing because of a play not completed and pitches not made.
"At the time, our capacity was not at the point where we could support every market, and we had to make the tough decision to suspend shipments to Pennsylvania, Kansas and Missouri," brewery spokesman Clay Grosskopf says. "But now we've installed some new tanks, and we've contacted our distributors in those markets to say we're ready to start taking delivery orders again."
"It's a comfort to know that God is involved in everything," she said.
"But I think in the end it worked," Mozeliak said of the relationship. "That's what I'll remember."
911 OPERATOR: OK. Has he threatened the lives of the children previously?
"The river crested, but we still may be approaching the crest in groundwater pressure," he said, off to look for more sand boils.
"The NBA has been an awesome partner for us. They couldn't be more supportive," she said.
The justices will meet behind closed doors Friday to discuss the entire case and cast their votes. If five or more believe the new law imposes a tax, they will write an opinion to explain their decision. The constitutionality of the individual mandate would remain unsolved. However, the justices would still be free to rule on the states’ rights challenge to the Medicaid expansion, the issue to be debated Wednesday.
Neither team shoots particularly well — no player averages more than 10 points for either one. Instead, they win with tight defense and rebounding.
Spicuzzo is well entrenched in Middlesex County politics, where his political career spans decades.
A winner won't be known until next week, and the game's board of directors will meet Thursday to determine the jackpot amount, Forness said.
St. Joe's coach Julie Matheny was pleased with how the Angels responded to to being tested early.
The staging makes excellent use of Roger Hanna's clever revolving set, which enables us to see the action in the various compartments. Under the expert direction of Jackson Gay, the large ensemble shines, with scene-stealing turns by Rosemary Prinz and Laurie Birmingham. Burnett and Soule are highly appealing in the lead roles, with the latter beautifully conveying an aura of spiritual transformation.
EWING — New Jersey's food banks say they provided food to 45 percent more people in 2009 than three years earlier.
Confused? That's part of the fun of it. An example of the territory Kaufman is exploring: In one scene, a real-estate agent shows Hazel a house she's interested in. The only problem is that it's on fire. The house is perfect, Hazel says, except for the nagging fear that she might burn to death. Well, the agent chirpily responds, that is something to think about. The house continues to burn for years.
Not remembering lyrics to every song isn't surprising - he says he has written about 2,000 of them, and it's a form of therapy for him:
Prospective employees who do not have protected or secure social networking accounts are not protected under HB3782, Illinois' legislation.
Tabbachino also agreed to forfeit about $32,000.
For example, smoke-free outdoor areas, such as college campuses, restaurant patios, parks and beaches, can support healthy, smoke-free environments that help prevent butt waste deposition. Other actions could include better enforcement of existing litter/pollution violations; labeling cigarettes as toxic waste; raising the visibility of the butt waste environmental impact through various advertisements, social media and public service announcements; and mandatory "take back" policies, with the onus placed on the tobacco industry to assure safe disposal of butt waste. Some communities have placed more butt waste receptacles on sidewalks, beaches and in parks; this is great as a short term response, but more upstream solutions are needed.
15 positions
Sheriff's Sgt. Scott Schanaker said today that 40-year-old Deette Rude's ability to drive was impaired by medications and she had several prescriptions in her possession after crashes Monday and Wednesday that resulted in minor injuries.
"She reflects Paul Simon's spirit. ... Paul was the ombudsman of the people. He made (lieutenant governor) an office that was relevant,'' Jackson said.
For a complete rundown, read below:
The Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch, best known the world over as the thoughtful, witty, in-your-face rapper MCA, has died, according to Rolling Stone and the hip-hop website Global Grind, which is run by Russell Simmons. Yauch, who had been battling cancer for the last three years, was part of a trio of New York rappers whose music starting in the 1980s transformed the budding genre and helped take hip-hop nationwide.
MLB Team Report - New York Yankees - NOTES, QUOTES
Do the math, and it comes to roughly 460 pills for every man, woman and child in this county of 76,000 residents, according to 2008 state pharmacy board statistics.
Dimora's attorneys are likely to play up the fact that many of the witnesses testifying against Dimora are cooperating in hopes of a reduced sentence and therefore shouldn't be trusted.
He worked with police to crack down on gang violence and drug dealing in the 1980s and '90s. He retired in 1995 as manager of the King (neighborhood) Facility but remains active in the community.
The numbers show that the perception of Americans as an increasingly restless society is false -- the peak of American mobility was between 1850 and 1860 and recently hit an all-time low, Ruggles said.
While the numbers from both companies were robust, the pace of profit and sales growth at Apple compared with IBM underscored the different paths that the two companies have taken.
Christmas Notes
At the town hall, the moderator asked a question about drilling for oil and gas in Alaska, a proposal the three GOP candidates -- Hoekstra, American Family Association of Michigan President Gary Glenn and charter school founder Clark Durant -- supported as a way to make the U.S. more energy independent.
is an abridged version of the book, clocking in at 3½ hours. And this time, director John Collins' relentlessly inventive production feels like a real theatrical experience and less like a glorified book on tape.
Lawmakers who wanted to deport all illegal immigrants were "living in a fantasy world," he said.
Survivors include writers, poets and literature lovers of every stripe in Northeast Ohio. They will offer eulogies and music during the service.
Set-up for the show will begin by Thursday morning as ESPN personnel prepare the stage and demonstration field areas.
Choose whole-wheat bread and lean meats, and load up on the veggies. Skip the high-fat mayo for oil and vinegar, mustard, or low-cal spicy or honey mustard. Avoid the Italian subs, whose pepperoni, salami and bologna are high in sodium and saturated fat.
Jaquan Bell, 17, faces up to life in prison if convicted in the slaying of 16-year-old Jean D’haiti after Skate 22's Christmas night party last December.
201 Harrison Street #416, $459,000, 03-28-12, 719 SF, 1 BR; 2011:$440,000
Last season, they combined on 62 goals and 102 assists during the regular season, then added another 19 goals and 30 assists in the playoffs, all while sharing the offensive spotlight with current NHL rookies Ryan Johansen and Nino Niederreiter.
"Maniac"
DCFS records show that an investigator met with Crystal Valdez at the coach house five days after the hospital physician reported the injuries. According to a narrative of the meeting, Christopher's mother "reported that she does use spankings but only hits him on his rear end with her hand. No one else hits him."
The announcement came as House Republicans prepared for a possible vote next week to subpoena White House documents related to the defunct California company.
A. She's left the planet.
The program involves registered nurses employed by the physician practices who serve as clinical care coordinators. The nurses help patients with chronic conditions or other health challenges. The care coordinators use patient-specific data to follow up with patients after a hospital stay, or if they are overdue for an important health screening, or if they have skipped a prescription refill.
Theresa Heredia could have played it safe.
Game 62
LEYKIS RETURNS
Buffett's company, Berkshire Hathaway Inc., is the main investor in a 125-unit senior housing center due at the southwest corner of Lorenz Avenue and Spring Lake Drive.
"Generally speaking, we cannot approve felony charges unless we are confident that we can sustain our burden of proof," Daly said in a written response to Tribune questions. "Factors that may prevent us from meeting our burden of proof and prevent us from approving felony charges include cases where there is little or no corroboration to the accounts of the complaining witness or inconsistencies in the accounts provided by the complaining witness."
Sandoz is the second-largest generic drug company in the world, and it said the deal will make it the largest generic dermatology product company in the U.S. market and worldwide. Fougera had $429 million in revenue in 2011, more than twice Sandoz's dermatology revenue.
Bing's proposed budget, the first under the consent deal that provides state oversight of the city's finances, calls for a $12-million annual reduction in the city's DDOT subsidy in 2012-13.
He may be approaching his golden years, but superstar tenor Placido Domingo, who sang in the San Francisco Opera's production of "Cyrano de Bergerac" this fall, was as dynamic and energetic as ever during a reception with high-level donors at the Carolands Mansion in Hillsborough last month.
Data compiled by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics show 29 percent of people between 65 and 69 worked at least part-time last year, up from 24 percent a decade ago and 21 percent in 1994. Almost 7 percent of people 75 or older were employed in 2010, compared to less than 5 percent 15 years ago.
The One's camera is a real draw. Its software is deceptively simple, only displaying the buttons or options that are needed at any given moment. Want to use burst mode to take several photos in a row? Hold down the shutter button and listen as a super fast shutter snaps away. A feature called Best Shot appears after a burst and will automatically select the best photo in a burst group before deleting all of the others.
There has never been an established penalty for improvising nonalterable prayers, and bishops have traditionally looked past an individual priest's extemporizing. But in December, the Vatican mandated that Catholics in every English-speaking country in the world adopt a new translation of the Missal.
By the time he died on Wednesday, after years of medical problems, Jobs had appeared on some
The fines come after the Cully Association of Neighbors and the 42nd Avenue Business Association informed the city of the company's operations. The neighborhood association also raised concerns about the environmental safety of the operation, and the city's Bureau of Environmental Services is now investigating the complaints.
But on Thursday, Thomas altered the course of the game for No. 9 Oregon (4-1, 2-0 Pac-12).
Pick 4: 1056 Payoff: $1,600
To replace Spilborghs, outfielder Ben Copeland was promoted to Columbus from Class AA Akron. The Clippers also added righthander Cole Cook from Class A Lake County.
We now know that Costa Rica is the only Central American country without a standing army and that El Salvador is the smallest.
Whether you choose a 720p, 1080p or 1080i HD TV, you’ll still be able to watch the same programs -- but 1080p is often referred to as the "true HD experience." It's the same format used on Blu-ray discs and the same format used for many programs available via your HD satellite TV or cable provider.
Over the past seven or eight years, I've scaled back the exercising and focused more on what I eat when I'm not eating out. My strategy: I eat the same thing for breakfast and lunch every single day: fruit and egg-white omelet (300 calories) for breakfast; a giant salad with lettuce, tomato, mushroom, red pepper, red onion, celery, white-meat chicken and no-cal salad dressing (300 calories) for lunch.
He admitted he gave a falsified identification card — a Burlington County College ID with an added expiration date. He said that was because he was told the card had expired.
Christmas Craft Show. Brunswick Recreation Center, 3637 Center Road. 10 a.m.-3 p.m. Sponsored by Brunswick Kiwanis Club.
Fremont Street resident Debra Mason, who usually votes at a polling place at the Booker T. Washington public-housing complex, where she lives, said poll workers told her that her new voting location is at the Jersey City Fire Department Headquarters, nearly two miles away on Marin Boulevard.
For the dashi: Wipe kombu clean with a damp towel and place in a small pot along with 1 quart cold water, turnips and shoyu. Bring to a simmer, then cover and reduce heat to low. Gently braise turnips until they are tender, about 15-20 minutes. Remove pot from heat, uncover and add the bonito flakes. When dashi has cooled to room temperature, remove turnips and cut into fourths; set aside. Strain the dashi, reserving liquid and discarding kombu and bonito; heavily season to taste with salt or more shoyu. Cool, then refrigerate until ready to use. The dashi can be made ahead.
Their manager Jonathan Wolfson told The Associated Press from Los Angeles that Hall and Oates will not play Phoenix July 2 because of their personal stance against Arizona's new immigration law.
ZIONSVILLE, Ind. -- This time of the year, voters often weigh the promises of politicians before deciding how to mark their ballots.
"This takes a village," agrees Ms. Sandhu.
He graduated, then stayed in the job until the Rep recruited him. Single then and now, he moved to the Central West End, the neighborhood he still calls home.
"I realize you could go crazy trying to measure yourself to Peyton Manning every day,'' he said. "I don't think that would be a sane way to live. I know his legendary status.
President Barack Obama upheld his administration's broad silence on the issue of Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng, who last week disappeared after escaping from house arrest, spurring widespread speculation that he is being harbored by American officials in Beijing.
The Eureka Fire Protection District will make the rounds Saturday to check smoke detectors.
Poe, who bought his mother a Cadillac Escalade three months before the draft, said he won’t allow his money to consume him — or forget its limits.
ChinaAid now employs more than half a dozen staff members and has a budget of $1.5 million, much of it raised from local donors in Midland, where Fu is affiliated with the 2,000-member Mid-Cities Community Church.
"I don't know if (voters) said, 'Come home and leave behind an Iraq that could end up being a safe haven for al Qaeda.' I don't believe they said that,'' the president said in a news conference the day after the vote.
By his late teens, White was playing in amateur jazz bands. His talent took him from small clubs to big cities and then across the pond. As the drummer for Vic Lewis’ big band, White played with Bill Haley and His Comets and Chuck Berry. By the early ’60s, White was a well-known commodity.
Portland Public Schools spokesman Matt Shelby confirmed Tuesday that the district has moved to "draft the formal resolutions" to close the Harriet Tubman Young Women’s Leadership Academy despite impassioned pleas from the school’s community and local elected leaders.
According to Reinhardt, no injuries were reported but damage is expected to be "in the millions."
Katie Broadway (Civic Memorial) capped her four-year basketball career at Illinois State with a first-team all-Missouri Valley Conference selection.
Meaghan R. Phelan and Kevin M. O?Hara were married Sept. 3, 2011, at Windbeam Farm in Red Wing, Minn. Pastor Mark Oehlert, uncle of the groom, officiated.
In one area of Wilton, in southern Sacramento County, owners of 230 homes will pay $115 starting this year to support the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.
My first stop was at the park's visitor center, at the edge of Palm Desert where it intersects the Santa Rosa Mountains. As I walked toward the building, I scoured the surrounding hillside for Peninsular bighorn sheep. I'd been told a herd of about 20 of the endangered animals roams the steep slopes near the center and can sometimes be seen.
15 percent increase to $1,411
Under the new law, the home district has no say in whether a student leaves, but the law allows districts to open seats to as many transfer students as they want. In the Portland area, it ranged from zero to 409.
Roshak also is suspected of entering the MBank branch at 1290 N.E. Burnside Road, Gresham, around 4:55 p.m. Sept. 14, again telling a teller that he had a bomb. The robber made off with $954, court documents say.
-- The European region list contains a surprising and disproportionate number of entries for the quaint British seaside resorts of Torquay and Llandudno, along with quite a few in Eastern Europe, Greece and Turkey. It also includes nothing in Switzerland -- perhaps reflecting the feeling that with the franc so high there aren't any bargains in Switzerland.
Parents and other readers reacted on Facebook and Twitter:
Schmitt has said he will not resign.
1/4 cup Grand Marnier (can substitute orange juice concentrate)
Papenheim agreed, but noted that it's easy to get overwhelmed.
"We gave them a lot of confidence," Big Ten Freshman of the Year Trey Burke said. "It seemed like we were waiting for the game to come to us, waiting to take the lead, waiting for them to give us the lead. That didn't happen."
It operates more than 32,000 restaurants in more than 100 countries.
One of O'Brien's employees, Alvin Bruce Marler, became manager in 1953 after O'Brien retired. In 1970, Earl and Marcia Buenger became owners. They expanded the tire business and added a complete car service center and stopped selling gasoline around 1990. When the station sold gasoline, it was full service - check the oil, top off the water, clean the windshields - whether a customer bought a buck's worth or filled it up.
McGegan stood on a podium that seemed too large for his small frame, firing up some zippy tempos, fanning his head with his hands along with a trill or an ornament, and turning to each section, cheering them on.
"I know enough about county government that I can really help make the transition very smooth and organized," said Oberst, who pledges not to accept a salary if elected. "We can't experiment for years. Everybody has to hit the ground running to get it moving in the right direction."
A call to O'Leary's lawyer, Sam Braverman, was not returned.
Police say she is emblematic of the younger, more affluent suburban and rural addicts who are lured by cleaner-looking forms of a drug once synonymous with hard-core urban despair.
Shipments are projected to continue to weaken for the next three years until at least 2015 due in large part to the maturation of the U.S. television market.
Corn chips
History didn't begin when this president was sworn in. Presidents in the midst of politicking have long sought to tout their track records abroad. And why shouldn't they? Any president who scores on the military front is going to claim credit at the ballot box. That's democracy.
FAMU parent Julie Lopez said her son, a band member, received a call from another student saying Champion was "crossing bus C" when he died.
Bailie was pleased with his team's effort against Knoll, who pitched eight no-hit innings in the Saxons' 2-1 10-inning win at McMinnville on March 13.
I'd never had that happen before. It was really, really bad luck. I'm a really goal- oriented person, and 2,000 points became a huge goal of mine in recent weeks when I realized just how close was. I did set the women's record with 1,980 points, 10 more than Janica Kostelic's record (in 2006).
Turns out that when you go to a Las Vegas Bowl (and not a Rose Bowl) and don’t have a high-profile sneaker donor backing you, that most of us are not interested in the news unless its big stuff. And let’s not make this about OSU having clean hands under Riley, because we all remember run-ins with a taxi-cab driver, a sheep and a National Guardsman.
INNOVATIVE THINKERS FORUM
Despite historically low mortgage rates, few Americans are prepared to buy a home as the economy fizzles and job growth is stagnant.
Patterned terrazzo floors play on that medical theme, as do pre-cast concrete panels encasing the building and pixelated brown-and-gray fabric on the walls. Terrazzo is made from pieces of marble and other stone, but is more durable, designers said.
I can take consolation in that tomorrow is Opening Day.
Star-Ledger staff writer David Giambusso contributed to this report
11 a.m.: House Judiciary: Hearing and possible work session on House Bill 4026, which would increase the number of judges on the Oregon Court of Appeals from from 10 to 13.
Second of all, the comparisons they cite almost always ended in arrests.
"The Inverted Forest" doesn't always work. The large number of characters that Dalton introduces sometimes make it hard to keep track of them all, and the ending isn't totally satisfying. But the premise is original, and anyone who has ever spent time at a camp in the Ozarks will find familiar situations presented in a seemingly friendly but ultimately unsettling way.
Firefighter Paul Corah, a spokesman for the Portland Fire Bureau, said firefighters arrived at the home in the 5800 block of North Omaha Avenue at 10:23 a.m. and found dark smoke coming out from the eaves of the garage.
The 2011-2012 Blues are young and innocent and shouldn't be covered with the blood of the many painful playoff crashes in franchise history. This precocious group had nothing to do with Bobby Orr's flying goal at the old Boston Garden, Steve Yzerman beating Jon Casey from the blue line to end Game 7 at Joe Louis Arena, or Marc Bergevin inexplicably throwing the puck into his own net against visiting San Jose.
He said 45 homes were destroyed and another 150 were damaged.
MCKENDREE FINDS LACROSSE HOME
Thursday, Oct. 4: vs. Arizona, 7:20
There was a sense last season that Taveras' bat was ready for the next level, but his baserunning and fielding lagged behind. He'll start this season at either high-A Palm Beach or Class AA Springfield, and it will be his all-around performance this spring that determines that. The Cardinals believe he should be at least average on the bases and good enough in the outfield to play center at times.
What is most interesting about the first lady is that one gets the sense that she just wears what she likes, and that nobody on high is dictating what is "proper" attire for a first lady. She reportedly has a style adviser in Ikram Goldman, whose eponymous boutique in Chicago is a veritable treasure-trove of cutting-edge designers. But Obama was an Ikram client long before her move to the White House. She most likely began shopping there because those were the clothes that interested her.
With Friday night’s 14-7 victory over No. 18 Fairfield in the Eastern College Athletic Conference final, No. 3 Loyola captured its first tournament championship. The realization of that achievement is still sinking in for coach Charley Toomey.
"We believe its source is from our refinery," Suncor Energy refining vice president John Gallagher said this morning.
He said he then signed with Oklahoma-based agent Kelli Masters for a brief time.
"At the same time, they have products that can help," she said, citing water.
"We knew it would be our last game or their last game," Sanders said.
In a new collaboration with South African artisans, West Elm has Maria Moyer's pretty pierced tea-light holders and stunning white orbed vases, which look like they were born in some far-off galaxy.
Monday, Aug. 22: Full pads, 8:45 a.m. – 11:15 a.m.
Lipstick Vogue
About 160,000 people attended last year's Labor Day weekend racing festival, but fewer than 110,000 paid for tickets.
"This implies that something is brewing in the marketplace about the buyer wanting to get into the market," he said during a webcast on the association's website.
Or consider someone with a checking account in Canada, maybe because the person has a cottage there and uses that bank account to pay bills in the summer.
Players were given the option of wearing the form-fitting gear, or not. All but one -- Dwight Howard of the Orlando Magic -- chose not.
Ninety percent of those who die of malaria live in sub-Saharan Africa, and most are children under 5. Their parents make on average less than $1 a day. That's not a market that promises much of a return on investment for Big Pharma, which is why out of 1,233 drugs licensed worldwide between 1975 and 1997, just 13 were for tropical diseases -- and five of those were for veterinary purposes.
Sometimes when I run into friends I haven't seen in years, they say, "Gosh, Al, you look great. Did you lose weight?" And I have to bite my tongue so as not to say, "No, you just got fatter."
A 50-year-old woman who was ordered out of her house last week after police found three dozen cats in ankle-deep pet feces was back at the house Tuesday and was removed again, Waterford Police Sgt. Chester Bartle said.
Clarkston
So who does Scotland Yard accuse of trying to derail its inquiry? Police have refused to say — although they named News International and its legal representatives as other parties to its information.
When the Blues signed free-agent center Jason Arnott (6-5, 220) this summer, one of the first things general manager Doug Armstrong said was how, along with David Backes (6-3, 225) and Patrik Berglund (6-4, 218), the team would be better equipped to battle San Jose and Anaheim.
The higher releases are expected through mid-May.
Threats--On April 12 at 10:34 a.m. on Los Gatos Boulevard. A husband threatened his wife with violence.
ARLINGTON, Texas – For just the seventh time ever, a pair of Japanese-born starting pitchers faced off in a big league game. The Rangers' Yu Darvish claimed victory in the battle. But the Yankees' Hiroki Kuroda performed well enough to win.
But I want to get a couple other guys in here. Joe, talk about your --
With the support of Essex County Democrats, and the enormous name recognition of his family, Payne would almost be assured to win in the June primary, party officials and political observers say. And in the heavily Democratic 10th Congressional District, winning a primary is tantamount to victory in the general election.
"It would be very glamorous to be reincarnated as a big ring on Elizabeth Taylor's finger," Andy Warhol once mused about the woman who owned the 33-carat Krupp diamond ring — a gift from Burton that she wore daily. It broadcast to the world that she was a lady with an enormous lust for life.
But that's not true. In the Board of Trade's post-accident inquiry, Carlisle was very clear as to why White Star declined to install extra lifeboats: The firm wanted to see whether regulators required it. As Carlisle told the inquiry, "I was authorized then to go ahead and get out full plans and designs, so that if the Board of Trade did call upon us to fit anything more we would have no extra trouble or extra expense."
Staff writers Ted Sherman and Jessica Calefati contributed to this report.
That was my reaction when I heard recently that the movie "Dirty Dancing" is going to be back in circulation again. Jeez, can this film and its incarnations just be put on a shelf and forgotten? Apparently not. Bollywood made a version called "Holiday." Then there was the big stage adaptation. At the 20th anniversary it was re-released to much fanfare. A limited keepsake DVD edition came out in 2010. Oh wait, I almost forgot that late-'90s TV show based on the film.
The night had started well for the Braves, though it was with mixed emotions. Freddie Freeman ambushed McDonald with a two-run home run on the first pitch he saw in the first inning, his fourth of the year. It might have been good for three runs had Bourn not been called out at second base on a steal attempt, when it appeared his left leg was in safely.
In recent years Chapin became an avid bicyclist and for five years straight she joined thousands of bikers at the Great Bicycle Ride Across Iowa.
the slack," she told us.
Of course, none of those strengths would mean much if the songbook was bare. Fortunately, the Buzzcocks have that matter well covered. The group has put out several excellent albums over the years. Yet the Buzzcocks are best known for 1979's "Singles Going Steady," a collection of early British singles that remains its calling card to this day.
Lillian Manning renamed all five children and eventually proceeded with adoption after the CPS caseworker filed numerous glowing reports about the home.
"Hurt thumb, no thumb, whatever, it doesn't matter. I don't care if I don't have a thumb. You've got to take the snaps," said Weeden at the time.
Total compensation $68,488
Detectives are seeking help from the public in identifying the driver and vehicle that struck the victim, Carter said.
After Rwanda, Fredman participated in an art fellowship, studying Jewish texts with other artists, musicians and actors. She has taught art for two years at a Jewish high school in Manhattan.
There are simple fixes in the set offense. The Buckeyes seemed lax on a lot of their screens Saturday, which sometimes forced shooters, Buford included, into contested shots.
Any adult will now be able to officially change his or her gender, image and birth name without having to get approval from doctors or judges — and without having to undergo physical changes beforehand, as many U.S. jurisdictions require.
Over the course of two months, the Free Press rode the bus and walked to and from school with several students chosen at random from among the three schools targeted last year by the city's Safe Routes program.
Between injuries, college visits and spring-break vacations, a coach is lucky to have the whole team together for a game, let alone a practice.
<U+0093>The kid had a phenomenal start,<U+0094> teammate Destiny Williams said. <U+0093>She made all her shots.<U+0094>
Enterprise software, 406 employees, Pleasanton
"The wine that was in concrete was cleaner, brighter, livelier and more interesting," said McKenna. "The wine that was in barrel was more muted. The concrete seemed to allow the wine to evolve in a more expressive way. I think it's because the concrete is a more sanitary environment. Also, with concrete it's easier to control the temperature, so the wine is treated more gently." He was so pleased with his initial effort with the concrete egg that he ordered two more of them.
The Buddha was awakened in the universal truth and unconditioned peace (nirvana) in the sea-seal samâdhi (concentration/meditation), like the sea sealed by the whole world, the moon, mountains, myriad matters.
Just the same as everyone else in the lineup.
Honduran officials don't seem concerned. Norma Cerrato, minister counselor of legal affairs for the country's U.S. embassy, said during a recent exhibit preview that she hopes it encourages people to visit the actual ruins. The show includes replicas of large stone carvings too delicate or unwieldy to leave Copan, designated a world heritage site by the United Nations' cultural agency.
We'll also have a better sense of what Sunday's big announcement by the Pacers has done to the team. Team president Larry Bird disclosed that he had fired coach Jim O'Brien, replacing him with assistant Frank Vogel, a 38-year-old with no head coaching experience at any level.
Washington 90, Cal Poly 71
And now, the absence is visible, residents say.
Huey wanders into a club owned by Delray (Quentin Earl Darrington) whose beautiful and talented sister Felicia (the aptly-named and golden-voiced Felicia Boswell) is the headlining act.
3. The Princess Bride (1987) Great film from Rob Reiner, starring Carry Elwes as Westly and the Dread Pirate Roberts, Christopher Guest and Mandy Patinkin, whose name is Inigo Montoya (go ahead, say it.) Would be No. 1 if there was more pirate stuff. Admittedly, I look for any reason to put this film in a list.
Enrollment has been down at her Waterloo studio since the YMCA began offering yoga classes. Sweet has only increased class prices once, but had to cut back on the number of classes she offers to balance the books.
Auditors said they had trouble figuring out what the athletics division was charging against its outside sponsorship income. They complained that financial statements from Nelligan were complicated and poorly detailed, and that expenses were not supported with documentation.
KIDS: Try the Satay Chicken or Pad Thai.
ø"As a mother who wants nothing but to protect my children, I ask myself every day if we know enough" about fracking, Palazzolo said.
Martin knows firsthand how others can fall through the cracks. She was raised by her paraplegic grandmother in the Carr Square Village public housing complex just north of downtown and moved between there and her godmother's home in north St. Louis.
125 N. Thompson Ave., Nipomo (about 8 miles north of Santa Maria on the Central Coast, just off U.S. 101), (805) 929-3565, http://www.jockosmix.com. Complete steak dinners, $17 (steak sandwich) to $31 (stuffed filet mignon); extra thick-cut steaks, $10 more.
Best seat: Grab a seat at the bar - it's one of the city's few remaining zinc-topped bars - and look around. Curtains are made from recycled plastic bags, paper sacks are reborn as chandeliers and faux-lizard fabrics adorn the booths.
But it isn't clear whether they also will delay state and local primaries, meaning Ohio could end up with two sets of primaries in 2012.
My opinion: I agree. If Murdoch's newspapers engaged in illegal wiretappings, bribery or other illegal activities, these actions should be punished with the same laws that criminalize such behavior by any other citizen.
My gut tells me they're in the bottom three. And that means Jordan is in trouble. Frankly, she just confuses me. She comes off so sexy in her solos. In fact, she does sexy better then anyone else on the show this season. But there's an immaturity about her during her partner work that I just cant quite put my finger on. On the other hand, Tadd had quietly positioned himself as the top male dancer on the show. No one has come further this season.
The Capital Grille: Menu has scrambled eggs, French toast with fresh berries, roasted Kona tenderloin, citrus-glazed salmon, smoked turkey, fresh oysters on the half-shell, smoked salmon, marinated artichoke salad and panzanella salad. Made-to-order items and children's menu with mac and cheese, mini burgers and fresh fruit also available, 10 a.m.-3 p.m. 2800 W. Big Beaver, Troy. 248-649-5300. Prices vary. Reservations.
Lakers power forward Derrick Caracter was arrested and jailed last April for an incident in New Orleans during the Lakers' first-round playoff series with the Hornets.
But he still hopes to play in the NFL, which means he has one final season of eligibility to prove himself.
Hey, Tony: Would the Colts accept our fourth, 36th and Joe Thomas or Jabaal Sheard for their first? I would agree to this trade for Andrew Luck in a heartbeat, would you too? -- Maxwell Park, Novato, Calif.
Different thoughts linger about the chaotic conference realignment scramble that, in fact, Delany uncorked when he said in December 2009 that the Big Ten would study expansion.
Quasi at Mississippi Studios (Fri.); 'The African Queen' (1951) at Laurelhurst Theater (Fri-Thurs.); 'Have You Ever Had a Beard?' at Hollywood Theatre (Fri.); 'Entertainment for People' at Disjecta (Sat.); PDX Jazz Festival at Various (Thru Sun.)
An internal U.S. Embassy report quotes Salim as saying that prisoners had told her they were handcuffed for three to four hours at a time in stress positions or sodomized.
His overriding zeal to help save or create more jobs in Wayne County, Ficano suggested, may have diverted his focus from the everyday business of minding the store. <U+0093>In hindsight, sure, there should have been tighter administrative oversight as to what was going on,<U+0094> he said, with things like Mullin<U+0092>s $200,000 severance payment.
8:56 a.m.: Students say a bell at Tubman signaled that the school was in lockdown. A few girls got out before that and joined the march.
Martin's parents expressed relief over the decision to prosecute the person who shot their son.
Everyone is happy: the unions, the pols and the MTA.
Town Council members were expected to approve a tentative budget Tuesday, but the council will not make a final decision until June, following several public meetings on the plan.
"What the numbers reflect pretty clearly is an overall rededication to disciplinary standards," FitzGerald said. "There's an expectation now that if there's a serious infraction of work rules, that it must be followed up on."
"I had flippantly asked him, 'I'm not going to be crazy like her ... right?'"
It was in that context that Sen. Rob Portman remarked "we have the second-highest corporate tax rate among our trading partners."
Though it provides some nutrients, 100 percent fruit juice has loads of sugar and, being liquid, doesn't offer the same fiber and fullness you get when you eat an actual piece of fruit, Gavin said. The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends no more than 4 to 6 ounces of 100 percent fruit juice per day for children age 1 to 6, and no more than 8 to 12 ounces for kids older than 6.
About a year ago, I was able to acquire the babysitter's email address via the mother of a good friend of mine. I wrote a heartfelt apology and to my delight, got a response. She did not remember my transgressions whatsoever but appreciated the sentiment and accepted the apology.
And take a moment before it's wet and cold outside to spray the rubber gaskets and grommets that seal the doors and trunk with an aerosol silicone to prevent freezing and sticking, and squirt a small shot of Deep Creep or deicer into each outside key slot to make sure you can manually unlock your vehicle.
Industry sources in China said the heparin plant was a joint venture between SPL and Techpool Bio-Pharma Co. A representative at the facility's quality-control department confirmed Thursday that it made the ingredient for Baxter and that its production was under scrutiny by U.S. regulators.
Because he was a convicted felon, Smith was not allowed to possess firearms or ammunition.
For hours, there was no word at all. Then, at 11:57 p.m., five ambulances pulled up to a bridge at the mine entrance, and state troopers worked frantically to get them across the Coal River and into place.
Her husband was on the other side of the street. He was talking, having suffered gunshot wounds to his ankle and shoulder, Bakstad said. He remained at Morristown Medical Center tonight, authorities said.
Named as defendants are Amtrak, Union Pacific Railroad Co., Kansas City Southern Railway Co. and Western-Cullen Hayes Inc., a company that manufactures crossing safety devices.
PURPLE DOME ASTER
2. Put ham, mustard to taste, nutmeg, chopped tarragon and all of the remaining clarified butter into a food processor and process until a smooth paste forms. Add salt and pepper to taste. Pour the mixture into a clean 1-pint canning jar. Smooth the top and lay one or more tarragon leaves on top of the mixture.
What is one of the most important issues facing your generation? The lack of interpersonal skills. I feel that because of social-media sites, my generation does not know how to function without a digital interface.
Thousands of homeowners nationwide who bought houses built with the defective materials are finding their lives in limbo as hundreds of lawsuits like the Ivorys' work through the courts.
My team is responsible for putting in place the hardware and software technologies that enable our product roadmap. That means developing, reviewing and testing technical designs with teams located in the U.S. and in lots of other locations overseas.
"I couldn't wait for it to end," Crete said. "Totally negative. It wasn't beneficial. It didn't tell me anything I didn't know. I think it was a waste of money."
The court said the FCC might be able to craft a policy that does not violate the First Amendment.
Talks between the IAM and Caterpillar are currently on hold.
Her first album, "RCA Victor Presents Eartha Kitt," came out in 1954, featuring such songs as "I Want to Be Evil," "C'est Si Bon" and the gold digger's theme song "Santa Baby," which is revived on radio each Christmas.
Local officials on Tuesday announced a timetable for the levee improvements, which will begin in early June.
Portland Community College's Sylvania campus will hold its 11th annual Winter Powwow from noon to 11 p.m. Jan. 23.
Because this was the first time the nonprofit research organization has done a study of this nature, there is no historic data to gauge how the figures have trended.
"I've spent my whole career building relationships and learning from the people around me," he said while whisking eggs for a jalapeño-spiked crème anglaise to serve with cornmeal-crusted halibut. "Now, every night it's like, 'How do I put those relationships and that knowledge to good use? How can I make good food even better?'"
Anaya said he heard universal cries from the Native Americans and Alaska Natives for the federal government to protect their tribal sovereignty and for more ability to control their own affairs.
Smart shook up the lineup, moving Tyreke Evans from starting point guard to small forward in place of Salmons. Denver coach George Karl said the move that put rookie Isaiah Thomas in the starting lineup brought "common sense" to the Kings' offense.
The club cited a list of complaints, including insufficient transit funding on the list, lack of a regional transit agency, and legislative inaction hamstringing MARTA. They put forth a "Plan B" that would make gas tax revenues rise with inflation and use that money for more comprehensive transportation planning, including more mass transit.
Security was extremely tight with the specter of Crockam’s possible gang involvement. Ocean County SWAT units were stationed on several streets around the church, along with gun-toting members on roof tops with binoculars, all wearing helmets
Philomath police have taken the hardest line -- they've had turkey kill permits since 2008, and they've sent at least 15 birds to the food banks. (About here we feel compelled to offer up a favorite brine: 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 cup regular salt, 1 gallon water. Cover turkey and soak overnight.)
vineyards in Washington State's Horse Heaven Hills and Wahluke Slope, this medium-bodied wine is soft and fruity, with vanilla notes from oak aging, good structure and acidity and a silky, mouth-filling texture. Purchased in March at Dierbergs Brentwood Pointe for $10.99.
"Although most of the effects we observed were modest, they were very consistently pointing toward beneficial metabolic adaptations," wrote the authors, whose study was underwritten by TI Nutrition, a public-private research partnership of food manufacturers, universities and the Dutch government. They added that future studies should test the long-term safety of resveratrol supplementation, as well as whether better results could safely be gained at lower or higher dosages than 150 milligrams.
Library Journal's 2011 Index of Public Library Service has an ongoing Love Story with libraries here. The Cuyahoga County Public Library system got a five-star rating for the third straight year. And the Cleveland Public Library also got five stars. Only three other libraries of their size got the highest honor.
The Orange County Sheriff's Department took top honors, with participants losing 14.5 percent of their body fat, or 387.4 pounds. Santa Ana police placed second with 14 percent or 380.6 pounds; and Anaheim police came in third with 12 percent, or 243.4 pounds.
This needs to stop. We need to come to an understanding in our culture that asking for help isn't a sign of weakness, merely another method of growth.
A moment later, I realized they were probably past the halfway point, but it was best that he and his family pace themselves so they could see the arch with enough breath left to enjoy it.
At 5-feet-10 and 192 pounds, Broyles projects as a slot receiver, though Lions coach Jim Schwartz said he has the ability to line up inside or outside and can help as a punt returner. The Lions have yet to re-sign either of their veteran backups in free agency, Rashied Davis and Maurice Stovall, and have been looking for help in the return game.
Rothstein tells them that he made a deal with Nucky Thomspon and that a shipment of booze will be coming into Philly and wants them to supervise. Lucky isn't exactly thrilled with the notion of riding "shotgun" but Lansky assures Rothstein that they're honored and flattered by the trust he has in them.
The squat school - the tallest building is three stories - sits on a sprawling campus of nearly 600 acres, including land set aside for grazing livestock. Here and there are reminders of the school's military heritage - in the 1940s, it was an Army base, Camp Crowder. The National Guard still maintains a base adjacent to campus.
A funeral service will be held at 11 a.m. today at Congregation Temple Israel in Creve Coeur, with interment at Chesed Shel Emeth Cemetery.
"It's Brooks-McIntosh," Murphy said, "and it's about name ID and TV.
You can feed the meter by cell phone or BlackBerry, Droid or iPhone app. Create an account in advance by linking a credit card number to your license plate number at parkmobile.com or register from the parking space by calling the posted, toll-free number. For information about that service, go to stpete.org/transportation.
Maria Regina Nicolosi, Red Wing, Minn., presided as bishop for McClain's ordination.
Does it really matter? Not to James' peers.
Tom Saxhaug DFL 3 Y
The Clippers habitually deliver early knockdown blows and then back off, acting as if their opponent won't get up, that the final bell has rung and that the game is over.
Cafe Cortina: Menu includes handmade pastas, fresh whole Mediterranean fish, Alaskan halibut, organic tallgrass dry-aged beef, vegetarian dishes and desserts, including chocolate flourless ganache cake, fresh fig gelato and wildberry granita with vin cotto, 1-8 p.m. 30715 W. Ten Mile, Farmington Hills. 248-474-3033. Prices vary. Reservations.
At some point, the pimp tells the victim "Hey baby, we're broke. If you really love me you'll do this for me," Mudrick said.
Ralph Eady owns a men's clothing store across the street from where one body was discovered. When he pulled up for work Friday morning, more than a dozen police cars and a crowd of onlookers were outside his business.
2 ounces shredded smoked Gouda
Shell's plan was submitted to federal regulators in October 2010 and approved last May, one of the first deep undersea oil wells to be permitted in the Gulf after the BP spill.
The move follows suggestions by the Democratic Party that it would encourage a recall, an impeachment or other measures.
ø"It's all about the trucks," Summerlin says.
“It can happen,’’ cornerback Jordan Poyer said. “You’ve just got to be ready – even our twos and threes.’’
On Tuesday, Lee said others would reopen the dispensary raided by agents from the Internal Revenue Service, Drug Enforcement Administration and U.S. Marshals Service, but he didn't specify who will do it.
But the amount of land with at least 500 residents per square mile increased by a third -- from 1,200 square miles to 1,600. That means that fewer people were taking up more space -- acreage that once might have been available for agriculture or recreation -- and requiring more roads, utility lines, retail and other necessities of modern life.
The Broncos lost 12 games for the first time in franchise history. Their 4-12 record left them with the No. 2 pick in the 2011 NFL draft, the Broncos' highest selection in the modern era.
Worth a splurge: A day trip to the Highlands. You think it compares to Tahoe, or the Rockies, and then you realize, it's incomparable.
McCormick got to net zero on its warehouse in a similar two-step effort. The company first set out to halve the 5 million kilowatt-hours the building consumed in 2006, Blankman said.
The initiative, approved by 52 percent of the voters, amended the California Constitution to undo a May 2008 ruling by the state Supreme Court, which said the state's then-existing ban on same-sex marriage violated California's constitutional guarantee of equality.
The young sea lion will make his first splash back into coastal waters in Point Reyes on Tuesday afternoon alongside two other Marine Mammal Center sea lion charges, Puptart and Hawthorn.
"I originally struggled to find resources about internships," Berger said, so she established InternQueen.com, a website designed to help students in similar situations. After completing 15 -- yes, 15 -- internships as an undergraduate, Berger has a wealth of information to share.
The major exception to the downturn was Nissan which posted a 15 percent sales gain.
--C Steve Clevenger started behind the plate in place of slumping Geovany Soto, who is off to a 4-for-29 (.138) start. Manager Dale Sveum said he didn't envision Clevenger getting any more than the two starts a week he sees him getting now. "I think about the same," Sveum said. "He's going to get, whatever, two out of seven days, two out of eight days. Three days on, one off (for Soto. You try to think outside, what his schedule is, the way the matchups are going." With Monday's scheduled off day, Soto got two days' worth of a breather.
Rock Canyon at Legend, 7 p.m.
A team of Chinese and Canadian scientists analyzed three well-preserved fossil skeletons - an adult and two juveniles - recovered from a quarry in China's Liaoning province by a private fossil dealer. Most striking were remains of down-like feathers on the neck and arm. Though coverage was patchy, scientists suspected the species had feathers over much of its body.
The race brings out runners of all shapes, sizes, ages and experience levels.
Regulating marijuana like alcohol and tobacco would be a giant improvement over the current mess.
_ Burger chain Wendy's fell 4 percent after it cut its forecast and said its first-quarter profit missed Wall Street analysts' expectations.
Monarch 21, Wheat Ridge 14
None of that matters now.
Defenders have praised Brester for his dedication and a Facebook page set up in May to support him attracted thousands of members.
<U+0095> For spring flowers, plant seeds for California poppies, cornflowers, larkspurs and sweet peas.
Toronto drafted Lithuanian big man Jonas Valanciunas with the fifth pick and forward Jan Vesely of the Czech Republic went sixth to Washington. The seventh selection, by Charlotte with a pick acquired from Sacramento, was forward Bismack Biyombo, who is from the Congo and played in the Spanish league.
Sunday, Oct. 21
The victory bus rolled up to Calihan Hall hours before the sun came up Wednesday, introducing Detroit basketball to a new day not seen in 13 years. Inside, scores of delirious fans celebrated the homecoming of the new Horizon League champions.
8. Dandelions do not need to be pollinated. The female parts of the flower develop seeds on their own; each offspring is genetically identical to its parent.
"So it comes down to a fundamental choice about who should be in charge" he said, "of vetting the candidates for office."
On Tuesday, two stars will face off in what host Tom Bergeron called the final dance duel of the season.
More than 43,500 metro workers participated in the survey. They were asked to respond to a set of statements using a seven-point Likert scale. Each statement was tested to ensure a high correlation with how metro employees rate their workplaces. This was calculated by correlating the statement responses to a control question that asked each employee to rate his or her workplace on a scale of zero to 99.
WATCHUNG — A Hackettstown woman was arrested Friday, Oct. 21 and charged with vehicular homicide in the death of a passenger in her car in a fiery accident on Route 22 Sunday, Oct. 16 around 3:30 a.m.
Yet in recent years, legislators have been serving schools a smaller share of the state general fund while sinking more into prisons and human services. That's put the state into what Tapogna calls a circle of scarcity. As the state spends less on education, it cuts the key source of its future prosperity.
Try to sit in one of the first three rows for the best view of the remarkable mechanics required to energize Tommy Lee Jones. You'll want to see how the puppeteers coordinate when Tommy Lee Jones ambles off stage to take a phone call, and the gymnastics involved when he crosses his extremely thin legs. (His jeans came from the girls' department.)
“I am disappointed that he died without going to trial,” Cernadas said. “He never spent a day in state’s prison for committing these atrocious murders. ... He never had to face the fact that he had Byron Halsey sit in jail for 22 years for the crime that he committed.”
"I keep saying this is a sad day," Buesgens said. "I'm sad for our program, and I'm sad for our kids. But I am happy for him."
Despite the unexpected increase in income tax revenues in fiscal year 2011, which happened across the state, Wacks said income tax revenues are only projected to experience small growth over the next few years.
Most U.S. airlines also provide some level of care while you're held up. You'll have to check the airline's rules to know for sure.
"Of course we’re angry, that’s the natural reaction for anybody," Toews said. "Everyone loves (Hossa), everyone respects him and loves him as a teammate. It sucks to see that happen and we wanted to win that game for him. But we came up short so we’ve got to focus on getting the next one for him.”
The move is likely to add fresh tensions to relations between Iraq's Shiite leadership and leaders in Turkey, where the Iraqi vice president, Tariq al-Hashemi, has been staying with the apparent blessing of the Turkish government since he fled his refuge in northern Iraq last month.
On the Republican side, Seven Hills City Council member Peter Draganic (R-District 4), Strongsville's Gallagher (R-District 5), Chagrin Falls school board member Jack Schron (R-District 6) and Richmond Heights Councilwoman Kathryn Gambatese (R-District 11) all won to move on to the Nov. 2 general election.
Detectives began re-interviewing witnesses after receiving a Jan. 4 Sun-Times request for all reports on the case. The police initially refused to release anything but a heavily redacted, two-page report, citing an "ongoing criminal investigation" of the nearly 7-year-old case. They released a half-inch-thick stack of documents on Friday, blacking out most names in the reports, after now closing the case without seeking any charges. They classified it "CLEARED CLOSED / EXCEPTIONALLY."
Rodgers’ sore ankle kept him from playing in his final Civil War, which means his last play for OSU was an abortive throw-back pass play to Mannion in the Washington game that not only didn’t work, it resulted in Rodgers getting hurt.
Said Acta: "If a closer gets 10 to 12 innings, they're usually fine. With Chris, we can foresee him getting six or seven appearances and he'd be ready to go."
Always, said Mitchard. She outlines the book right down to the number of chapters. She almost won't begin until she knows the title and the first sentence.
Wiedefeld said the airport was paying for the renovation project. The airport earns money primarily from airline landing rights and gate leases, rents paid by concessionaires, parking fees and advertising.
Shrek Forever After
The Quaids declined to comment Tuesday, but spokeswoman Lisa Kasteler said in an e-mail to The Times, "They do want everyone to know they . . . are sincerely thankful for all the concern and good wishes they have received."
Asked what stuck with him most during the experience, Cowher replied, “He looked me in the eye probably more in this interview than in my whole five years of talking to him (in Pittsburgh). It was pretty heartfelt.”
Critic James Agee wrote of her: "Ever since I first saw the child . . . I have been choked with the peculiar sort of adoration I might have felt if we were in the same grade of primary school."
He said it will now be more difficult for Merck to continue its strategy of buying or licensing the few promising experimental compounds available from small biotech companies, many of which are on the verge of shutting down amid the recession and credit crunch.
WILL THIS RARE GOALKEEPER SWITCH PLAY INTO IMPACT'S FAVOR?
"The resident rate being low, it appears as a regional school because of the rate that we're charging," said Julie Tonneson, associate vice president for budget and finance. "We have a lot of room to grow in the national market ... related to just our price comparison."
Emery said his contacts at the school, extensive research he had did, and Rodriguez's visit to Halas Hall convinced him this was not a risky pick.
Bud: After a few more years of losing, will the Browns consider trying to trademark "Expansion Team"? -- Nick
Sadly, choices for campsites among California's popular state parks are steadily decreasing, making a carefree and inexpensive activity much more difficult. Budget-strapped California is slated to close 70 of its 278 state parks by July, for a savings of several million dollars a year.
That happened in Bridgeton, where the City Council voted 6-1 to overturn a commission recommendation against a $7.2 million tax subsidy to the developer of a Walmart under construction.
Joe Giannetti, 28, of North Philadelphia, won three straight rounds of "Star Trek" trivia, netting him $1,700 to spend on merchandise. The 28-year-old estimates he has been to 35 conventions.
Rick Barry disagrees.
The majority of patients who require a liver transplant have cirrhosis, in which scar tissue forms on the liver because of an injury or long-term disease. That scar tissue blocks the normal flow of blood through the liver that is essential for removing toxins.
1/2 apple, thinly sliced
International Business Machines Corp. is one of three corporate sponsors of the Masters. Augusta National, which hosts the event in Augusta, Ga., has offered membership to the past four IBM CEOs. But because of the club's all-male policy, it is unclear whether an invitation has been extended to Ms. Rometty, who took over the CEO job at the beginning of the year. IBM and the club declined to say whether she had been invited to join.
Top-seeded San Antonio awaits the winner in the Western Conference semifinals.
More Details: How they were seeded
This is no corner-of-the-bar open mike joint. The Bogos brothers built a 175-seat club with full bar, restaurant service and free parking and say they hope to open other clubs in suburban locales near other big cities. Kirk is handling the comedy. Sheldon does the money.
Al-Assar and two other members of the military council spoke to reporters in Cairo. Above them hung a banner reading: "The armed forces honor the promises they make."
Who: Patrick Dempsey, Michelle Monaghan and Kevin McKidd. Directed by Paul Weiland.
The work of our 2010 Green Leaders, such as Mike Plesz, who started Michigan's first certified organic restaurant; or John Hartig, who has spent most of his life cleaning up the Detroit River; or the auto-related businesses that have cut emissions at their plants and from their products, suddenly ceased to be academic for me.
In his experience, children "go wild" for stickers, at least until they hit first or second grade. After that, not so much. Sugar-free gum may not be older kids' ideal Halloween treat either, he acknowledges, but "hey, they're knocking at a dentist's door." And parents, at least, like the toothbrushes.
Ultrabooks. Intel already powers about a dozen different versions of these ultrathin, ultralight notebook computers, patterned after the MacBook Air, that many hope will reinvigorate the laptop market.
ø"There's a difference between being friendly with players and being their friends," Tallon said. "I don't go to their weddings. I will go to the wall for my players, but that doesn't mean I won't trade them."
A 2007 acquisition involved "met" coal mines in Appalachia that supply the high-grade metallurgical coal used in blast furnaces. The global market for stainless steel drove the decision to buy rich chromite deposits in northern Ontario's "Ring of Fire," the name for an area of muskeg swamps in the James Bay area.
The Nationals, who have climbed to the top of the National League East thanks to nine wins in one-run games, turned to Rodriguez. He struggled against the bottom third of one of baseball's weakest lineups.
The Celtics got Rondo back from his one-game suspension and Allen back on the court for the first time since April 10. He played just five games over the final month of the regular season because of bone spurs in his right ankle and missed the first two games of the playoffs as well.
This does not mean that Ganley is not spending his own money. He has made smaller loans to his campaign -- $2,700 and $2,500 -- that he has not backed out. And on Sept. 15, two weeks before the end of the most recent reporting period, Ganley loaned the campaign a fresh $750,000.
øIRA minimums are usually lower than regular taxable accounts. Contrafund will let you open an IRA for $500, for example. But your child will need bona fide employment income to open an IRA, which is problematic for a baby. And, no, you can't hire Junior as a diaper consultant.
become an important part of my life.
"It's still safe," McDonald said, as he took a break from setting up for his 2-year-old son's birthday party. "I still trust my kid to play in the yard, but I'll be more vigilant."
MINNESOTA VIKINGS–Waived RB Caleb King.
Pertino's other investors include Redback Networks co-founder Gaurav Garg and former Apple Chief Financial Officer Joe Graziano.
Kinkade called himself the ''Painter of Light,'' and his sentimental paintings were beloved by many but reviled by the art establishment.
Your company sells widgets.
The British Aardman team re­freshingly makes few concessions for American sensibilities (only the most devoted Anglophiles will catch the Blue Peter and Slocombe references) and none for children. Gideon Defoe's script, based on his series of books, is filled with humor that challenges as it amuses.
The trial is continuing this afternoon in Superior Court in Morristown.
What: For fans of "Sesame Street" and more friendly pricing, this take on "Alice in Wonderland" features Abby Cadabby's encounters with strange dream-world characters , including a Mad Hatter (Grover), a Red Rabbit (Elmo), and Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum (Bert and Ernie).
This has led to other problems. For example, when my classmates want to organize projects or presentations through Facebook, I find myself making awkward squeaks, interjecting my "special circumstances." I dislike knowing that I make things difficult for others because of my inability to get with the technological program.
Police did not provide information about suspects or a motive.
"We're really excited," Perez said. "Now we can provide door-to-door service so it's about a 15 percent savings for companies."
Change: Increase 13.3 percent to $1,800 per $100,000
Wright, as other players will say, is that kind of guy. Affable.
Giglio, distinguished professor emeritus of history at Missouri State University in Springfield, speaks at 6:30 p.m. Tuesday at the Kansas City Public Library's Plaza branch, 4801 Main St. His appearance is part of the Presidential Series of lectures sponsored by the library with the Truman Library Institute.
Maintaining social services, which are about 45 percent of the county's $1.4 billion budget, would be his second priority. He did not suggest specific changes in the system.
Ramirez and his wife, Sheri, adopted their grandchildren in 2001 because the girls' mother was hooked on drugs. Fred Ramirez had diabetes at the time; heart disease meant a quintuple bypass a few years later.
Another signature is the rock cod Colbert ($29), Waterbar's version of fish and chips. The whole fish is fried and arranged as if swimming across the plate, enrobed in batter the color of graham crackers. The tail and head are left on, but the bones are removed and a remoulade and a tuft of fried parsley fill the cavity.
The Oscars are clearly getting younger and funnier, or at least trying. Presented from a sparkling silver palace of a stage, dripping with glittering lights, the over-praised and fabulously attired attendees at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood watched host Hugh Jackman sing and dance. And sing and dance some more.
Not that he didn't have his chances over the final three holes. But Woods parred the par-5 seventh hole after a poor drive and a wedge from 105 yards that wound up separated from a watery end by a stone walkway.
Amy Ray of the Indigo Girls, Hotel Cafe, and Hayes Carll are new shows coming to Blueberry Hill's Duck Room.
Kathryn Ross, 18, said the school and its teachers push students to work hard. "I'm definitely motivated," she said. "I don't go home and have time to sit around and do nothing."
Kelley declined to comment.
"It's really geared toward any type of team in terms of the level of play because of how we set up the structure," he added. "We try to cover the spectrum of teams that are out there."
The problem with "Burlesque" is that it behaves as if these hoary elements were as fresh as morning dew. No postmodern twists. No ironic commentary on overworked tropes. No so-bad-it's-good knuckleheadedness a la "Showgirls."
The other three ISC wines are Dollface, another rose that ups the sweet quotient; Franken's, another brut-style wine that finishes with green apple flavors, and Stereo, which gives off delightful herbal aromas and then delivers a blast of honey.
Franklin's injury, Smith said, was "pretty significant." He remains several weeks from throwing as he concentrates on increasing strength and range of motion.
The "Kony 2012" movement spread like wildfire all over the Bay area that Tuesday evening. It was exciting, it was something our generation has not encountered yet -- a crusade we can fight as one, all through the power of multimedia.
O'Neill plans to keep I'll Have Another at Churchill until shipping to Pimlico. The horse's connections hope he's fresh enough to win the first Triple Crown since 1978, when Affirmed did it.
“We are after predictability and fairness,” she said. “That protects developers as much as it protects the environment.”
The pact calls for a chief financial officer, a program manager and a nine-member board to oversee spending.
Featured bands and musicians include Clay Wheels, Chris Reed, Jahlektrik, Tramps in Stereo, and the members of Simple Citizens, Orgone, Breakistra, and Rugged Nuggets.
Leaders of underground churches say they are closely watching how Beijing handles Mr. Chen's case as a possible gauge of how far the government is willing to go to punish those it views as a threat to the Communist Party's grip on power.
"The governor is expected to sign the legislation and there is funding in the proposed budget that would accommodate going back to a 50-50 split," said Brewer's spokesman, Matt Benson.
Everyone is on notice from the league. The problem for the league though, is everyone has noticed the double standard as applied to the Penguins by a league that was silent when Lemieux, coolly detached two days after an event, attacked the operation but reached into Tortorella’s pocket for $20,000 when the coach, white hot 20 minutes after an incident, did the same.
When he went back out Sunday he found that her polished gravestone had been knocked over.
The "building playgrounds for billionaires and millionaires" line is as old as Jamie Moyer. It cynically panders to all of us who are not millionaires or billionaires, a safe if cowardly strategy. Urdahl has studied the stadium issue for years, and he comes up with a question a third-grader would ask?
I saw that when, a couple of years ago, I paid $54 in February for seats to a Cub-Padres game in October. Had the Cubs done well, it would have been a good investment.
Dawson reportedly was looking forward to free agency and perhaps joining a contending team and was not pleased with being franchised by the Browns. But General Manager Tom Heckert said he had a "very good conversation" with Dawson on Wednesday and said he expected him to report to camp and sign the deal.
4 (110) Ladarius Green, te, La.–Lafay.
"I think the taxpayers have received their money's worth," Jones said.
NANCY M. DOMINGUEZ, 76, Orlando, died Friday. Newcomer Family Funeral Home, East Orlando Chapel.
October tends to be a better month on average for the market, but it still strikes fear in many trading rooms since it's home to the crashes of 1929 and 1987. Last year, it also saw the Dow plunge 1,874.19 points, or 18.2 percent, in just one week.
Provost George Korfiatis will continue to serve as the university's interim president until the new president arrives, school officials said.
But some economists seem to find manufacturing almost demeaning -- high-rent, low-wage scut work best left to the developing world. Losing those jobs, they say, is really proof of America's greatness, its very essence.
If state lawmakers won't ban the outrageous interest rates charged by payday lenders, cities and counties need to step in to protect their most vulnerable residents. San Jose is studying the issue and may adopt a policy in early 2012. Council members will have to resist what's sure to be a furious lobbying blitz to devise strong restrictions.
Hastings says France is the only European nation with which Britain “can plan jointly for future war-fighting contingencies with a reasonable expectation of commitments being fulfilled”: “No responsible British government could today make an agreement whereby its European partners would become responsible for, say, airborne surveillance or unmanned drone combat capability in a future deployment, because the risk is far too great that on the day, and for whatever reasons, the others simply would not be there.”
øWhen we feel stupid, we don't buy. And that's what leaves me standing in the toothpaste aisle at Target unsure of a very simple purchase.
Not feeling the calling, Melville withdraws in panic before embarking on increasingly implausible wanderings. In the film's most problematic component, a glum psychiatrist (Moretti) is enlisted to help. Sequestered at the Vatican even after his patient has slipped into the streets of Rome, the doctor provides lessons in pharmacology and volleyball to the clerics, in scenes bordering on cutesy.
Ellis, 40, declined repeated requests for an interview but did answer a few questions posed by e-mail.
Levitz 8 a.m.-10 p.m.
Over the next two years, the New Jersey Turnpike Authority will replace aging E-ZPass transponders.
"You're better off planning your sale on need, not based on what you think prices might do," Kontos said. "It's not as if prices for your trade-in right now are bad. You're not disadvantaging yourself by selling now."
La Costa Resort & Spa in Carlsbad, Calif., recently finished a $51-million makeover of its 611 guestrooms and suites, then launched a sale on the redone rooms for Memorial Day weekend. The sale, which comes with free breakfast as well as golf and spa credits, is on until Sunday.
Almost a decade later, the young photojournalist heard that renowned documentary photographer Dorothea Lange had taken pictures of his father, grandparents and aunt in 1942, waiting in Oakland for a bus that would transport them to Tanforan racetrack in San Bruno, converted into a detention center. They were eventually sent to internment camps, along with 120,000 others - two-thirds of them U.S. citizens - deemed a threat under presidential Executive Order 9066 two months after Japan's attack on Pearl Harbor.
In poetry and prose, she shows us her lifelong fascination with observation that uses all the senses and an unmistakable rhythm. "About a week ago there came a certain evening," Bishop writes in the short essay "A Mouse and Mice," "with a particularly long and quiet twilight — a dove-colored twilight, filled with shadow and the smoke of burning leaves."
"It's really sad," Ohler added.
"If the Vikings are a state asset, why should a restaurant miles from a new stadium in one city pay more for it than a restaurant in Duluth or Mankato?" Burley asked.
Tens of thousands of Kurds have been joining in weekly protests against Assad's regime. But suspicion of the opposition has kept many of Syria's estimated 2.5 million Kurds—more than 10 percent of the population—sitting on the fence amid the country's turmoil. As a result, they effectively join Christians, Alawites and other key minorities whose fear for the future if Assad's secular regime collapses has kept them from joining the uprising in force.
Preparations: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Place racks in the lower and middle positions. Place parchment papers on 2 baking sheets, anchoring them on the bottom with a dot of baking spray or butter. With a ruler, mark a guide to measure 5-inch ladyfingers.
Starting Friday, Ashton Eaton began building on his heptathlon world record and shot putter Ryan Whiting clinched the first gold. The Americans were already on a roll. The 10 golds were two better than the previous record.
SHOPPING CART / Edible hibiscus candy
At Rehab, LaFleur is bracing for back-to-back parties over the holiday weekend. On Memorial Day, Rehab is renamed Relax at the Pool.
*Boring Farmers Market, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturdays, through Sept. 24, 28151 S.E. Highway 212. Details: D.W. Owens, 503-313-0224
He adopted a hillbilly persona, Rhubarb Red, for many of the radio appearance. But at night he could often be found jamming with top jazz and blues musicians, or tinkering with ideas for building a better guitar.
The plan called for Patrick to force the left-handed Bermudez to go to his backhand as often as possible. For the most part, Patrick's shots were neatly placed to the right of his opponent.
CHRISTIE: Says Democrats want to raise income tax on those making $400,000 or more.
“So the money is now available this year to offset taxes. I don’t know what tax relief means. Is it lowing taxes or preventing taxes from going up more than they would have?”
øDefending Zurich Classic champ Bubba Watson, playing for the first time since a life-changing win at the Masters over Easter weekend, entered the final round eight shots off the lead. He was unable to mount a charge after bogeys on his first two holes. He wound up tied for 18th at 11 under, a solid outing by most standards, but one of his worst finishes of the year.
RELMEC was created by former employees of Reliance Mechanical, which was implicated in bribery schemes involving its chief William Neiheiser.
Human Rights Watch said that police targeted ethnic Somalis for abuse after grenade and improvised explosive device explosions in Kenya.
Hunters in condor country can get up to two boxes of free lead-free rifle ammunition from the Ventana Wildlife Society.
Geraldine and her twin brother, Daniel, a Calvert Hall student, were both born, and still live in, Randallstown.
Two years ago, leaders at Fort Campbell, which is home to the famed 101st Airborne Division, felt compelled to shut the base for a three-day "suicide stand down" after 11 soldiers killed themselves over a span of five months.
Sharpton, speaking Sunday in New York, said that just as freedom riders battled segregation in the 1960s, he would organize "freedom walkers" to challenge the Arizona bill.
Mortgage foreclosure problems have been a top concern the past several years for many politicians including, Democratic Rep. Marcia Fudge.
Sodium's function
The measure on the May 15 ballot renews current local option taxes at a rate of 89 cents per $1,000. The levy would raise about $32.6 million in the fiscal year that starts July 1 and grow to $36.5 million by 2014-2015.
The top 2 percent!
The New York Times contributed to this report.
The high today is forecast to reach 77 degrees in Sacramento, which is the normal daytime high for the beginning of May. Temperatures are expected to continue to fall through Thursday when a slight chance of showers is predicted.
She also handpicked her entire surgery team, including the nurse anesthetist who picked the anesthesiologist who would look after her sister.
"It's important to have a state party that isn't sticking its head in the sand and hiding," Montee said a few days after state Democrats decided the soon-to-be-ex-auditor should take over leadership of the state party.
But they also have become friends off the track with Patrick consulting Hornish before her move to NASCAR and inviting his family to stay at her Scottsdale, Ariz., home when NASCAR raced at Phoenix International Raceway in April 2008.
"Over the last couple of years, we've seen about 15 percent of our gross revenue coming from the film companies," Byrnes says. "In 2007, we saw a substantial drop in revenue; in 2008, it plateau'd; in 2009 and 2010, we started to see growth again, and one of the big reasons is the film industry."
The area near the Red Mill in Clinton was looking even more scenic than usual today after Mother Nature dumped 2 inches of snow on most of Hunterdon County.
One can also cultivate the soil with tools like a tiller, but it must be repeated every time the plants get to that five- to six-leaf stage, or else cultivation will just spread the nutsedge.
After a few changes in the field, Bagdad came together defensively in the third inning, but offensively, Bagdad wouldn't pull ahead until later in the game.
On a recent tour of his call center and office in Bankers Hill, Nienstedt showed the 65-station phone center, controlled by a central computer, and a focus-group room with a hidden camera and one-way glass. A point of pride: His company doesn't do "robocalls," even though they are a fraction of the cost of in-person calls, he said.
The Sourcebook of Contemporary Fashion Design
Gov. Chris Christie and several metro area athletes, including former Giants running back Joe Morris and former Mets star Mookie Wilson, visited Jersey City yesterday to commemorate the opening of Newport Green, a new, 4-acre park in the city’s Newport section.
"$#*! My Dad Says" (CBS)
On a recent game night, nine managers set up on three card tables in the basement of retired RTA maintenance supervisor Paul Werner's house in Brunswick.
Forty girls signed up for the camp and have been eating up computer-aided design software and RobotC, software for programming robots at an intense pace that surprised even Loberger.
Most memorable performance: In his battle round duet against Chris Cauley on "Beautiful Day" by U2, his performance experience in putting a song across without mouse ears really carried the beautiful day.
Gordly says they worry about alienating a guy who still holds Portland's highest office. I'd argue there's another factor: Nobody wants to associate with a campaign so clumsily run and explained.
Yes, Fogarty says, the feasibility study was not done until 2010, after the solar project commenced. It was done then, she says, because Turvey was challenging Solaire's projected savings. About the same time, Huff was charged in Florida.
2010-11: 5,318
Purdy also will miss several other games while participating in camp and CONCACAF Gold Cup games with the El Salvador national team.
"Whenever she was playing with the kids," Pinkney recalled, "Terri had to be the boss."
øDomino's has been pushing to improve the reputation of its pizza for about two years with the help of Miami ad agency Crispin Porter + Bogusky. Its latest ad campaign promoted the fact that it won't allow substitutions on its artisan pizzas such as Chicken & Bacon Carbonara pizza.
A: Hey, Eric: I would not confirm or deny anything said by a Vegas insider.
He started the season but missed three games during a month-long rest period, and although he returned, he didn't start feeling in shape until midway through the year.
Ahto cited a lengthy list of reasons, chief of which included a DVD recording of his interview with police four hours after the crash, in which Baum appeared lucid, answered questions and did not sway or have slurred speech.
Large Oregon electronics manufacturers, including Intel and Hillsboro-based TriQuint Semiconductor Inc., make their products here and ship them to Asia for inclusion in PCs, smart phones and many other devices.
Best Actress in a TV Musical or Comedy
Two years ago, leaders at Fort Campbell, which is home to the famed 101st Airborne Division, felt compelled to shut the base for a three-day "suicide stand down" after 11 soldiers killed themselves over a span of five months.
Brown, now a second-year law student, says he went out of his way to take Islamic law and language classes to balance some of the frustration he felt after eight years in the military and service as a Navy SEAL, culminating in a deployment to Iraq.
"If Hollande wins, he will be extremely careful to project whatever growth pact emerges as the fruit of Franco-German consensus building, endorsed by others, and applauded by the financial markets," said François Heisbourg, special adviser at the Paris-based Foundation for Strategic Research.
But secret restaurants are increasing in importance in Los Angeles, floating dining rooms where you realistically won't land a table unless you know somebody involved. Transgressive eating has become voguish — I recently endured a dish of French fries greased with whipped pigs' brains — as has obsessive concentration on a single ingredient, such as the all-soba dinners put on by Common Grains.
It seems to us it's designed to grease the skids for approval of all six projects that have been pitched so far.
Junior guard Alex Bazzell (St. Charles West) has scored in double figures in all 11 games. Senior guard Kramer Soderberg (St. Charles West) has led the Lions in scoring a team-high seven times. Soderberg is averaging 19.6 points, Bazzell 16.9.
Oldies updates: Big changes are also in the works at longtime Berkeley watering hole Kip's Bar (2439 Durant Ave.). The 58-year-old institution has hired - drumroll, please - a chef.
Shinji Kurita is a perfectionist, and diners with a taste for exquisite Japanese fare are the beneficiaries. His omakase dinners (reservations are required) have included stunning sushi, like keiji salmon and bluefin otoro. And the giant Madagascar prawn in black bean sauce is a marvel.
Q: What would be different about you at that point than what you write about now?
Still, neighbors reacted with shock Thursday to news of a grand jury report that described Gosnell severing the spinal cords of babies delivered in the third trimester of pregnancy, spreading disease with infected instruments, and perforating patients' wombs and bowels.
Choose at least one festive, unique cocktail to serve at the event and perfect its preparation.
"It's the best award of any award you can get," SLU coach Rick Majerus said. "It's certainly the most prestigious. There are only 10 or 15 academic All-Americans. It speaks to excellence, determination, resolve. This underscores the student-athlete."
The Clippers lead the best-of-7 series 3-2. They last won a playoff series in 2006, and before that they have to go all the way back to 1976, when the franchise was called the Buffalo Braves, for their only other series victory.
Democrats have also discussed passing an anti-gouging law to protect consumers during gas price spikes.
Amy Johnston, principal of Francis Howell Middle School, says parents along with their kids need preparation for middle school.
We wanted Dungeness crab in some form, as well as oysters, because both of these local shellfish symbolize the winter holidays to us. Vegetables could be chosen from winter's brassicas -- Brussels sprouts, cauliflower, broccoli, cabbage -- from winter greens, and from storage vegetables. Dessert would be fruit-based, either fresh citrus or dried summer fruit, followed by a cheese course.
"I think it would be a big mistake to believe that a few days after the decisions at the (EU) summit and by the European Central Bank that the bond spread would collapse. That's not what we expected," he said.
Tipoff: Wednesday, 7 p.m., The Q.
She said Edwards told her: "Get the money in."
The review also assumes vehicle access to the former Staff Jennings boat store at the base of the Sellwood Bridge will no longer be necessary.
That was it. No Mark Asper. No Eddie Pleasant. No Lavasier Tuinei. And no Darron Thomas.
"There's no doubt in my mind that the president shares these values, and that's why it's time for him to speak out in favor of marriage equality as well," he added in a second statement Monday.
Cara and Nick decided ice skating would be fun as a winter destination.
You lads carry on.
Santos gambled to spend its 100th birthday as the world champion. The question now is whether it will maintain this level of investment—and keep Neymar just as it retained Pele in the 1960s—or revert to the old blueprint of serving as a farm team for the big boys across the pond.
GLOUCESTER TWP. — A detective who last year helped capture the alleged armed robbers of two Gloucester County banks was among 30 officers awarded Wednesday by an international security professionals group.
The annual three-day party includes live music from authentic German oompah bands, local rock outfits and Grammy winning punk-polka act Brave Combo as well as German food, beer and sausage-eating contests. Organizers say they've distributed some $100,000 to local charities since the event's debut in 2004.
If he doesn't have the operation, he is almost certainly done for the season.
Even Pete gets some action. "You any good at this or not?" Pete asks her. Nice.
A Portland psychiatrist who plans to open a private facility where people could end their lives under Oregon’s assisted-suicide law was suspended from medical practice Thursday amid a second investigation for improperly prescribing drugs.
I am especially struck by the presence of tall cottonwood trees whose green leaves glimmer in the wind. It seems a little like Kansas.
The 1.5-mile round-trip walkway runs outside the walls and next to San Juan Bay and the city's harbor. It was built in 1999 on a dirt trail used to reach the walls for repairs.
<U+0093>We're a small family-run business,<U+0094> Sharon Kwon told me over the phone last week. <U+0093>We put a lot of heart and soul into our food and just our business in general.<U+0094>
"The Marriott organization is the most preferred brand in the world," Peter Snavely said. "The Courtyard can deliver the building at a cost structure that enables a hotel to actually get built."
Healthy Body, Healthy Mind Brunch: Presented by Kadima of Southfield. 9:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. May 15. Townsend Hotel, 100 Townsend St., Birmingham. Paula: 248-559-8235. www.kadimacenter.org. $75.
Oregon's relatively low power costs, its cool air (data center computers run hot, and the facilities must be chilled to keep from overheating) and Oregon's tax breaks make the state an attractive home for data centers.
Attorneys for Facebook argued that federal law prevented Facebook from disclosing the material and Associate Judge James Hackett agreed in a July ruling. He said disclosure was barred by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. He also found that the request was vague and overly broad and would place an undue burden on Facebook.
"We're not saying yes or no to anything right now," Jackson said.
Charlotte, with a disability rate of about 12 percent, is one of several departments that have embraced the idea. "Disability is not a good thing here," said Deputy Chief Rich Granger. "It's a necessary evil on a very rare occasion if somebody gets injured that bad."
Games against Timbers: March 26 at Toronto, July 30 at Portland
Who needs a bridge or tunnel? You can go from Morristown to Manhattan simply by stepping through the doors of Urban Table. A giant subway mural, a cacophony of colorful signs, the bustling open kitchen and a long, lively bar almost convince you that peeking outside would reveal the bright lights of the big city rather than the Morris County seat’s comparatively placid Green.
A 40-year-old Army master sergeant is being held at the Harford County Detention Center without bail after being charged with assaulting his wife and trying to kill her.
The Rochester native made for a nice, feel-good story when the Pistons signed him for the rest of the season after calling him up from the D-League Ft. Wayne Mad Ants. But it's hard to see him returning.
Michael Laun emerged as the company's producing director. He has overseen the season STC calls "A Season of Mystery, Music & Mayhem." Laun is directing STC's last show of the season, the campy musical "Little Shop of Horrors," and The Bee talked with him about the new show, which begins previews Wednesday, and the past year.
A: Just the opposite. A lot of times, the white people and police singled them out. They beat them and called them traitors.
Head is yet another Class AAA cautionary tale. While he was tearing it up at Columbus this season and the Indians were not hitting, a number of fans wondered why Head had not been promoted. When Head finally did get the opportunity, he did not do much with it. Head, a six-year minor leaguer, was 2-for-23 in eight games and did not appear particularly comfortable at the plate.
Wheels of justice, grinding: California is not one of the 16 states involved in the price-fixing litigation. Perhaps it's content to wait until September, when its law mandating the collection of sales taxes from online retailers like Amazon is scheduled to go into effect.
Angelo Taylor won the 400 in 45.16, beating 2004 Olympic gold medallist Jeremy Wariner. Oscar Pistorius, the South African who runs on a pair of carbon fiber artificial limbs, was last in 46.33.
and surprising mobility in the pocket, and he loves Mannion's intangibles. "More knowledge, more growth, and more repetitions'' in the spring could catapult this prototypical Riley quarterback to a terrific sophomore season, provided the Beavers can improve their running game. ... Riley likes what Vaz can do, but let's be real. Mannion is the guy unless he breaks his arm. He has the physical tools to get the Beavers back to a bowl game but he needs lots of help. And hey, he could also work on being more quotable. "I feel like I can improve in every area,'' he says. "Specifically, I want to become more accurate and my focus in the spring is work on my decision-making and just to get better every day.''
That's high, even in the EDA industry, but Mentor's costs have been rising less rapidly than its revenue. Thomas Diffely, an analyst who follows Mentor for D.A. Davidson in Lake Oswego, said Mentor sells to a lot of printed circuit board manufacturers, a fragmented market where sales require lots of legwork.
While Herbert did not specifically allege that any of the other implicated officers stole Hegewald's or Roque's citation books, he pointed out that all were on duty on both nights the seven tickets issued by the two officers were written.
The school enrolled its largest freshman class — 345 students — and updated its website and entered the world of social media with its GCIT Facebook page.
"You need to be a solid skier, in good shape and preferably have some mountaineering skills," Leh said. "It's demanding, but a spectacular trip if you're up to it."
With numerous abortion-related bills pending in the legislature, including the controversial "heartbeat bill," which bans abortion as soon as six weeks into a pregnancy, PolitiFact Ohio decided to check out Lehner’s claim.
<U+0095> Instead of pulling weeds, use a sharp hoe. Cut the weeds off just under the root crown; aim for about a half-inch below soil level. That method disturbs soil less than pulling weeds and keeps new seed from migrating to the surface where it can sprout.
Cerf also promised to "increase transparency" and expand the quantity of data available online.
“People still need to budget, but now they budget for healthy food.”
According to a police report, Bedian said she and Elliott had several disagreements and that she felt Elliott was trying to get her fired.
Washington state has had domestic partnership laws since 2007, and more than a dozen other states have provisions, ranging from civil unions to gay marriage, supporting same-sex couples.
When Democrats brought their convention back to the city in 1996, those who were around in 1968 remembered the frayed nerves of officers who often had to wait and sweat for hours in cramped stations before they were ordered into the streets.
But a black man traveling the country in those days also had ample opportunity to see injustice and racism. Davis doesn’t stint from telling those stories, either — and each one packs a punch.
Throughout the 13-county area, home builders were issued 294 permits to build 387 units, according to the Builders Association of the Twin Cities (BATC). That was a 45 percent increase in permits and a 68 percent increase in new units.
"No one is demonizing gay people," Mott said.
Other big events involved Laura Numeroff, Gordon Korman, Alton Brown, Sammy Hagar and Regis Philbin. Nobel laureate Mario Vargas Llosa came to St. Louis University to accept the annual St. Louis Literary Award.
"Dan's response to it has been pretty dramatic," DeWitt said. "You can see tangible results. He's lost weight (75 pounds), he has said all the right things."
Tanguay, a first-round pick of the Avs in 1998, continues to be a productive player for the Flames, who play in Denver on Tuesday night in a game that could have huge playoff implications.
The district and the Boulder Valley teachers union recently reached a tentative agreement on a three-year contract that provides a 1 percent cost-of-living raise for the coming school year, plus a mid-year transition to a “professional” salary schedule that includes a starting teacher salary of $40,000.
The sienna theater, with its graceful white columns and carved stonework, reigns over Plazuela Machado, the commercial and social center of the original Spanish settlement. Restored in the early 1990s, it was renamed after the Mexican diva who enchanted the world in the mid-19th century. It now hosts a steady schedule of events ranging from the state symphony to a local children's chorus to visiting jazz bands. The restoration also gave rise to the annual Mazatlán Cultural Festival, stretching from early November into mid-December.
"At least we're not Vancouver!"
Derby longshot Rousing Sermon turned in his final workout for Saturday's big race, breezing five furlongs in 1:00.40 at Churchill Downs under the careful eye of Hall of Fame trainer Jerry Hollendorfer. The chestnut colt has hit the board in eight of nine career starts. "That's why I'm here and that's why the horse is here."
Contact: www.indianagourd society.org, showchair@indianagourd society.org.
Newton through his first eight NFL games: 174-of-287 for 2,393 yards, 11 touchdowns, nine interceptions, 87.1 passer rating.
Mall developer Vestar Development Co. expects the demand for the center to grow as the population nearby increases. Home builders are expected to add 4,600 new dwellings on the former base over roughly the next decade.
"I felt a little nervous about that, seeing that Jerry had hired me," he said. "I knew that was going to be problematic."
'Not all pain is the same pain'
More Challenges Ahead
Mazzuto had been introduced to Margulies by a Cleveland real estate developer -- Peter Vanucci -- when Mazzuto was shopping for a public shell corporation, prosecutors said.
4. Marquette’s first Big Dance was in 1955 where they defeated fellow Newark Region-participant Kentucky, 79-71, to move into the Elite Eight where they eventually lost to Iowa.
Owner Carl Bates, who took over the family-run store from his like-named father, said he and his wife, Marjory, have found a tenant to rent the expansive 15,000-square-foot store and have decided to retire rather than relocate.
If the sports cars in the caravan had their license plates covered with tape, as a witness said they did, they broke the law, according to Mike Horan, a spokesman for the state Motor Vehicle Commission. A first offense is punishable with a fine of up to $100.
That's why the June 1 story <U+0093>High court sides with Ashcroft,<U+0094> about the court's decision that former Attorney General John Ashcroft did not act improperly when authorities arrested Abdullah al-Kidd in 2003 under a <U+0093>material witness<U+0094> warrant in a terrorism investigation without probable cause, prompted reader Charles Frisbie to write:
Like those in many charter schools, the slots in this charter school— because it has been so successful, and because we do not have enough charter schools— are limited.
» Height, weight: 6-2, 219.
Boston Scientific Corp. sank 9 percent after the medical device company said its president and CEO, Ray Elliott, will retire at the end of the year. The company is looking for his replacement.
"We found nothing on the dates of the attack, or on the operation itself," Swinnen said.
Q: Some residents have said they feel the district now is controlled by the firefighters' union. Do you feel that's the case?
***: Excellent.
A young boy is in critical condition Wednesday night after being hit by a dirt bike in Brooklyn, police said.
Last month, Atkins turned himself in for a two-year prison sentence in New York after pleading guilty in December to attempted criminal possession of a weapon after police found a loaded semiautomatic firearm -- with the serial number scratched off -- hidden in the back seat of his luxury Maybach sedan, according to a statement from the Manhattan district attorney.
Whereas Geiger favors lush tropical terrariums with plants that like humid conditions -- and glass containers with small openings nearly guarantee humidity -- other designers offer tips for creating "dry" terrariums featuring succulent plants.
Robert Gardner of Olmsted Falls also heats his family's condominium with an electric furnace and heat pump system.
The help could start coming soon. This week, the city mailed letters to the owners of 10 buildings who have been approved for financial assistance, said Bill Rataj, director of housing programs at the city's Community Development Administration.
Horror Nights costumes from this year (the "Anger" dress from the 7 scare zone) and last year (Day of the Dead scare zone — black light alert!) are incorporated. One wall has two framed proposals for a costume for Miseria, an evil character in Islands of Adventure's "Eighth Voyage of Sindbad Stunt Show," complete with swatches and glitter.
Enid's QuirkOut moment is to buy the worst possible candy to hand out, so she's not tempted to sample. We're talking puffy orange circus peanuts, mint leaves and stale candy corn. Yes, the neighborhood children are so disgusted they TP her front yard, but when she steps on the scale Nov. 1, she has a grin as big as her jack-o'-lantern's.
The drama likely won't begin until the third pick.
Top scores: William & Cheryl and Katherine & Mark. Bottom scores: Melissa & Maks and Gavin & Karina. I'd be shocked if those bottom scores aren't the bottom two tomorrow — tune in for this new dance duel twist tomorrow night.
"It is my hope that with passage of this bill, the House of Representatives and U.S. Senate is now prepared to work together to pass a long term transportation bill, invest in our infrastructure, and create jobs," said Sires.
The Ravens are working to get as many of their draft picks under contract as possible before this weekend’s rookie minicamp at the Castle in Owings Mills. They will also make it official with their rookie free agents before then, running them through physicals and then finalizing contracts.
"Am I usually angry? I don't know. Crying? I don't cry. So I don't know what I usually project," she said. "I feel like I didn't play well today. I don't feel like I can't get better."
Beyond that, there's plenty of disagreement over whether the broadly worded amendment will invite lawsuits, lead to confusion and interfere with the state's powers to protect public health and regulate the medical and insurance industries.
"He has a great understanding of the game, and he realizes this game is incredibly difficult because he doesn't put any added pressure on us," Cardenas said of Bush. "I think that's great.
There are many good cops out there. I recognize that. But how does one explain the 24 times I've been stopped? Or the 16 times Darryl was stopped over 14 years with one ticket? Or the 11 times Dennis was pulled over in 13 years with no tickets?
1) Where does Draymond Green rank among the best players in Michigan State history?
“They fired Joe Paterno,” one student said. His tone was incredulous. A few kids wept. Other shouted swears. Most were shushed by the group.
Seriously big sticks.
Johnston's excessive spending contradicts his teaching, critics say.
Proposition CARES is named for Citizens Advancing Responsible Emergency Services, a group formed last September to help the district create a long-range plan to improve training and services.
TWLL WINS DISTRICT 20 TITLE
Behlmann is organizing a meeting to gather information and enlist support for an accessible playground in Florissant. He's invited city officials, disability experts, designers of handicapped-accessible facilities, and civic and business representatives to the meeting, which is open to the public.
Astar made the important point that racinos are not a cure-all for horse racing. Wagering has declined nationwide since 2006, a trend that must be reversed if the sport is to survive. The Jockey Club is pursuing ways to increase racing's popularity and visibility, draw younger fans and boost its image by improving safety and integrity.
"All chain stores are not created alike," said Jon Golinger, president of the Telegraph Hill Dwellers, a neighborhood group. "A better use for that kind of space would be a small business or a neighborhood-serving business or something that doesn't just kind of homogenize the neighborhood in this important part of San Francisco."
"We really have to see this as a responsibility on our part to hold the line on quality," Samuels said.
ANSWER: PHENOTYPE
If the Packers QB decides to spend the afternoon lining up No. 20 in his crosshairs, bring it on, says No. 20.
Male scout leaders who are gay have long been barred, but instances of women being excluded are not well-documented.
While at the police station, Brown's condition worsened. Officers carried her by her arms and legs into a cell and left her on her back on the floor. She moaned and moved her head back and forth. She's last seen moving on the tapes at 2 p.m.
They key, many said, was moderation.
Opponents declared the three young women prisoners of conscience.
Henry nearly set up another one moments later, threading the ball to Joel Lindpere in the L.A. box, and then things changed, and that was that.
"My number one goal has been to make it local," said Ben Forsythe, Centerplate's general manager for Jeld-Wen field. "Portland is a great city to dine, with everything from Ethiopian and Thai, and soccer's kind of the world's game. We're going to try to make improvements every season."
Crime Stoppers is offering a cash reward of up to $1,000 for information, reported to Crime Stoppers, that leads to an arrest in this case, or any unsolved felony, and you can remain anonymous.
3640 Sacramento St. (near Spruce), San Francisco; (415) 931-5100 or sprucesf.com.
The Round 1 matchups:
Tim Knowles, director of the University of Chicago's Urban Education Institute, who sat on Emanuel's transition team, said Donoso's appointment signals a "significant shift" within CPS, which in the past chose seconds-in-command from the realm of traditional public schools.
This is not the way the story is usually told.
This, Simmons suggests, is the point precisely, that sports exist as part of a bigger world. As far as Grantland, he wants it to reflect that, to see what develops and move on from there. In addition to the quarterly, he's planning some additional enhancements — more pop culture and a podcast studio — but mostly he's intent on letting the project take its own pace. "It's better to be under the radar a bit," he says, although, as he acknowledges, "this is already bigger than I thought."
During its 1980s heyday, when charter buses brought in millions of visitors clutching free meal vouchers and tokens, Atlantic City casinos actually turned away customers, preferring to lure high rollers with complimentary overnight stays.
these crooks have done nothing their entire "careers", except take care of themdelves, and for this, we sre paying this bunch millions over their "careers" and golden parachutes, and lavish retirements.
June 3: Lisbon Rock in Lisbon (Dec, 3)
Who in the name of Metta World Peace does Lakers coach Mike Brown think he is, Phil Jackson?
Although the lava flow of West Ka'ili'ili area has ceased for the time being, the description of the 10-mile round trip trek to it on the park Web site is worth noting, especially since similar flows could happen any time. The estimated 5.5-hour hike "extremely arduous, advanced and challenging and should only be attempted by the most physically fit people," the park service notes. "Hiking across lava fields requires continuous awareness and concentration. The lava is uneven, jagged and very sharp."
When the Environmental Protection Agency recently announced rules that would, for the first time, limit greenhouse gas emissions from new power plants, Lugar quickly announced his opposition.
Recently, he has been pushing me to come out and stay with them and meet his new partner because I'm headed to college in the fall.
Brown's goal is 12,000 megawatts by 2020 from small-scale localized renewable energy projects <U+0096> such as solar projects on rooftops and in parking lots <U+0096> so families and businesses can power lights, cooling systems and appliances.
The first 50 minutes belonged to Smith (30 saves) and the standout defensive play in front of him.
"They asked me and I said no," Ortiz said. "It's an embarrassment with what is happening in the church."
Bud: I was at the Cavs' game Friday. Is it a bad sign that with 7:20 left in the second quarter, the Cavs were not only losing to the Bucks, they were also losing to the diff? -- Jim Lefkowitz, Pepper Pike
If you hate to rise early or have crowd phobia, take the Rev. Apparcel's advice and watch the beatification on your hotel TV. The ceremony, led by Benedict XVI, begins at 10 a.m. Spectators can then file inside St. Peter's Basilica past John Paul's closed coffin, which will be brought up from its grotto tomb below the basilica.
"Right now, we have seen some good signs in California," Laskoski said. "Perhaps we are seeing a plateau there, but things are still too volatile to predict the future."
Tomorrow is the 124th anniversary of the death of Tustin's founder and namesake, Columbus Tustin, and the end of his struggle to turn a plot of land populated by sycamore trees, rampant yellow mustard and wild flowers into the city of his dreams.
IRVINGTON — Authorities are investigating a homicide in Irvington but few details are available this afternoon.
Nick Peyton, maitre d' at Cyrus in Healdsburg, has served plenty of bling for dessert on Valentine's Day. He usually hides the ring under a silver dome and, with great flourish, removes the cover at just the right moment. Unfortunately, he says, everyone is too nervous to enjoy the meal.
Berrer chastised himself for not taking advantage.
U.S. Rep. Diane Watson (D-Los Angeles) described Henry as "a huge positive presence in our community" and its "matriarch."
In a 2007 case, an assisted-living facility in Chanhassen installed a camera that documented an aide abusing a resident late at night in her own apartment. The video showed an aide "forcefully dragging" the woman from her living room to her bedroom, according to court testimony in the case. The family sued and the case was settled out of court.
Baja California's tourism sector has been battered in recent years by a decline in U.S. visitors, a drop attributed to various factors, including lengthy northbound border waits, a new passport requirement, the Great Recession and reports of drug-related violence.
Cost: $500 per guest, or $5,000 for a table of 10. VIP seating is $1,000 per guest, or $10,000 per table of 10, and includes a meet and greet and photo with Bush.
The lowest starting retail price for a four-wheel drive 2013 Escape is $27,645, and this is with the 178-horsepower, turbocharged four cylinder.
2009 Loredona Vineyards Riesling, Monterey County, Calif. ($8-$9): A pretty canary yellow with a silver hue, this wine has the aroma of crisp green melon and is a little muted. The taste has a shot of lime and mineral structure with a clean finish. 83 points.
But more on that later.
Arizona had monkeyed with a spread passing offense, but virtually everybody else used some variation of a traditional, pro-style attack built on a strong running game that set up play-action passes.
"School librarians say they simply don't have enough money to spend on books that kids won't find interesting -- and in their opinion, that category includes most of this century's Newbery winners," the School Library Journal reported last fall. "Book aficionados frequently used the words 'odd,' 'unusual' or 'unconventional' to describe the latest Newbery winners."
Agreed. Whatever beef Sperling's group might have with a local politician isn't worth trashing the 65th — whose record of distinguished service in the face of withering prejudice epitomizes American resilience.
"That is going to be my vote next week, we make it a figure 8," he said. "And/or we can stop at halfway, make a break, and turn around and go backwards the rest of the way. Then with 10 to go, we split the field in half and half go the regular direction and half of them go backwards."
What has happened since is at least as remarkable and a true example of "paying it forward." One anonymous reader, when hearing about Packard's leaky roof, contacted a friend at the Builders Association of Minnesota, who found a contractor, Plekkenpol Builders, who fixed it.
The initiatives also focus on savings, requiring employers that don't offer work-based retirement plans to enroll their employees in a direct deposit retirement account, unless the employee opts out. The cost to employers would be offset by new tax credits, and the administration says the smallest firms would be exempt.
Plain Dealer Reporters Henry J. Gomez and Aaron Marshall contributed to this report.
Nineteen other Republican representatives, including House Speaker Steve Tilley of Perryville and Majority Leader Tim Jones of Eureka, have signed on as co-sponsors.
Delany believes a final decision on a playoff could come by June 20.
Taking stock of the economy, Fed policymakers said the deterioration in the job market is easing and consumers are spending moderately. But they warned that double-digit unemployment, lackluster income growth and tight credit could crimp that spending.
Huron at Mitchell
Recreation and Parks officials will review the new bids, then recommend to the city's Board of Estimates whether any should be accepted, Chambers said.
The conservative advocacy group Crossroads GPS, which was founded in part by Karl Rove, ran a spot in six states last month declaring that Obama had failed to keep gas prices down. And its sister super PAC, American Crossroads, aired a radio ad aimed at coal country - western Pennsylvania, southern Ohio and West Virginia - warning that listeners' "healthcare, pension and way of life" were at risk from Environmental Protection Agency regulations proposed by the administration.
What excites observers isn't how far Eaton has come, but how much farther he could go.
There was turkey, of course. But it came in two types. Traditional and halal. The latter meets Islamic dietary guidelines on how and where turkeys are killed.
The diplomatic dispute over Chen is sensitive for the Obama administration, which risks appearing soft on human rights in an election year or looking as though it rushed to resolve Chen's case before the start of the Clinton-Geithner talks.
NASHVILLE PREDATORS–Suspended F Alexander Radulov and F Andrei Kostitsyn one game apiece for violating team rules.
You may obtain older news stories not found in the Internet archive through microfilm copies of the newspaper (1857-date) at several area libraries, including the Sacramento Public Library Central Branch, California State Library, University of California, Davis Library, and California State University, Sacramento Library. Duplication or distribution of archival material is strictly prohibited
Along with cuts, the postal service is also aggressively pursuing—and already seeing results—actions to generate revenue, Mr. Partenheimer said, such as promotions to increase advertising mail, TV ads to grow shipping and mailing, and the agency's new "Village Post Office" concept, in which it will increasingly contract with small businesses to provide postal services rather than run stand-a-lone branches.
Building meat using science, Post said, would require 40% less energy than the usual meat production cycle. But that hasn't gotten Michelin-starred chef Heston Blumenthal on board -- contrary to published reports, a spokeswoman said Blumenthal has no plans to cook Post's patty once it's ready.
Perhaps the most familiar of these is the basic white sauce, called Veloute for its velvety texture. A thinned out version becomes a gravy; a sweetened version makes a cream puff filling, and that thick cheese sauce that your mother poured over green vegetables to convince you to eat them when you were a child? It's a basic Veloute with cheese added. With the addition of egg whites and hot air, it becomes a souffle.
Speaking of Superman, Cleveland City Council will allow the Siegel & Shuster Society to set up a display at Cleveland Hopkins International Airport to welcome folks to the Man of Steel's hometown.
But the economists surveyed by the AP think manufacturers will fill jobs more slowly the rest of the year. If so, that could weaken overall job growth.
"We love the idea of going through closets and drawers and the garage for things to transform," Filian says.
"The organization has had some of those franchises for over 50 years," said Tony Giardini, general counsel for the auto group based in Elyria.
The hotel, in the heart of downtown Oklahoma City, has long been rumored to be haunted. Legend has it that shortly after he built the hotel in 1910, the owner, Bill Skirvin, had an affair with a maid named Effie, during which he impregnated her. In an attempt to hide the scandal, Skirvin locked her in a room on the 10th floor, which at the time was the top floor. Even after she gave birth, she was kept in the room, causing her to eventually jump out the window, baby in arms.
Channel 12’s Kimberly Maus will be master of ceremonies for the festivities.
Her first love is the theater, and to pay the bills while doing off-Broadway work, Emond has raised her voice—specifically, doing voice-over work and recording audio books. She's narrated documentaries and specials for National Geographic, Discovery, TLC, A&E and PBS, as well as over 50 episodes of the Lifetime series "Intimate Portraits." It's Emond who often reads books by Kathy Reichs and Laura Lippman, and has done ads for Miralax, Advil and AXA Equitable.
Algonquin Books: 341 pp., $19.95
Smith, Brady and Hales, the candidates with the most organized and well-funded campaigns, are all Democrats. The primary race is expected to whittle the field down to two candidates who will then face off in November.
The rest of the first-team line had Stanford’s David DeCastro and Wisconsin’s Kevin Zeitler at guard and Michigan’s David Molk at center.
LaGrasso, secretary-treasurer of International Longshoremen’s Association Local 1478, was charged with extortion and commercial bribery.
Kent Patterson*, Janice Vance*
One of the centerpieces of any German-themed celebration is the beer, or Bier, as they say in Germany. Look for something German, like Spaten, Bitburger or Lowenbrau. Our pick? St. Pauli Girl. It's a lager, so it's not heavy, and it won't turn off those who like light-profile mass-market beer, but it has some flavor. Plus, you can get it at most good-sized stores.
Behold the typical Christmas tree: A faux fir fashioned from metal and plastic with that special dragged-from-the-attic scent. Or maybe it's bound like a hostage and plucked from a pile in a parking lot, a soulless commodity masquerading as tradition.
Carroll said Slay has no education background and isn't equipped to oversee schools.
Both leagues sent four teams to the Sweet 16, though for the Big Ten, that represented one-third of the 12-team league, while for the Big East, it was one-quarter of the 16-team league. When it comes to numbers, it's hard to beat the Big East.
This is more of a debate about where our oil comes from than about price. The price of oil is set globally, after all. When we are asleep, oil prices are being set in Asia and then in Europe. Unless the United States can shut off all reliance on all foreign oil, something that is not projected, those markets will still influence price.
Along the way, he overcame two heart attacks and the 1995 harvest-time death of his winemaker, Matthew Dean Cox.
China won six of the eight diving gold medals at the 2004 Olympics, and seven of eight in 2008. In the first three Diving World Series events this year – in Dubai, Beijing and Moscow – China won 22 of 24 events, and in one of those they didn't enter anybody.
"After the summer and all the moves we didn't make I said I'd be happy if we went 7-9," he said. "But here we are."
For Gano, the success enjoyed by his entire team has been a work in progress.
Ohio, for example, has moved toward using course and degree completion rates in determining how much money goes to its public colleges and universities instead of solely using enrollment figures.
øThe Sunday Times in the U.K. reports that legendary investment group KKR wants to create the third-largest diamond company behind De Beers and Alrosa by combining the diamond operations of BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto.
The project will supply 100 construction jobs, followed by 150 jobs to operate the store. "This is not only a great thing for the community but also for this company," Floyd said. "It shows that we're committed to this area and it helps the local job market and neighboring businesses."
Anti-Wall Street activists intend to converge at the University of California, Berkeley on Tuesday for a day of protests and another attempt to set up an Occupy Cal camp, less than a week after police arrested dozens of protesters who tried to pitch tents on campus.
Fuller is believed to be the first gay student at a Catholic high school to attend multiple school dances with a partner of the same sex, said foundation executive director Michael Bowser.
Mayor Sally Faith has refused to say whether she asked Corley to depart. She has said only that he made the decision and that she supports him in that decision. Corley has not commented.
Although they think she is coping well, Sandra's friends say the brunette beauty - who is juggling renovating her Beverly Hills home with raising Louis and working at her Fortis Films production company - is still adjusting to being a single parent.
After the district attorney empaneled a grand jury, the public also learned that that guards routinely slept on duty and recruited jailhouse bullies as enforcers. Allegations that deputies helped set up the attack were never proven.
Maag's bill, which is co-sponsored by Republican State Rep. Andrew Thompson of Marietta, will make the streets a bit more wild, as least for drivers and for cops.
"They should put aside the hyper-partisan press conferences and join us in discussing a responsible compromise, and we can start with the agreements they've already made," Niehaus said in his statement. "I look forward to the dialogue."
Their resistance, however, soon stirred talk that they wouldn’t welcome the students — concerns repeated at last week’s meeting by school board members Jeffrey Brookner and Evan Lerner. Brookner said he heard from several parents of ESL students that they had concerns about how their children would be greeted.
Salt Dipper — Salt the rims of the glasses before pouring the margaritas. Run a lime wedge or two around the rims, then dip the moistened rims into kosher salt. You can also dip only half the rim in salt to allow guests to taste with and without salt. Pour to just under the salt rim so that the salt doesn’t get into the drink prior to drinking.
A bidding war broke out over her first book, still unwritten at the time. Prizes and fellowships followed. Granta named her one of the best young American novelists. “Hating Nell Freudenberger,” Curtis Sittenfeld wrote in Salon, “is a virtual cottage industry among ambitious literati.”
While Kim's ambitions go far beyond the big-fish/small-pond experience of high school, he appreciates the doors that routinely were open to him at Thomas Jefferson. In addition to being a three-sport athlete, he served as Student Council president and was editor of the yearbook.
Steven Ladin, a 34-year-old marketing executive from Minneapolis, stamps emails with his Twitter and LinkedIn addresses. Some also have a goateed computer-graphic depiction of himself, and others have a disclaimer for his iPhone's auto-correct function: "Sent from my E-Gadget. Please excuse my abbreviated and potential misspellings…I have fat fingers," it says.
So now life gets challenging for Ken Hitchcock and Doug Armstrong. The Blues' horizon clouded up suddenly and their jobs got much, much tougher.
17. "Mike & Molly," CBS, 10.16 million.
I decided to enlist several friends to help me taste. While we all liked the Martin Códax the best, we were split on our second-favorite.
Parents Who Pay Too Much
"We were getting so much of this stuff, we had to do something about it," said Oliver, 30, who took office in January. "People were seeking this thing, saying 'Oh, they're legal.' And nobody's called them on it."
BART has added five more community workshops to be held on a proposed 1.4 percent fare increase.
"I made him wear a hat," said Wilson, gesturing to Kaauwai's Tigers baseball hat. "We're going to turn him."
Word of Charlie Joe's work spread in the black community.
Walker brought the ball up court and went right around Brad Wanamaker to get an open look, but he left the jumpshot short and Jamal Coombs-McDaniel pulled down only his second rebound of the game. He quickly and alertly called timeout to set up the final shot — and there was no doubt who coach Jim Calhoun wanted to take it.
NEW YORK <U+0097> Apple Inc., the world's most valuable company, trumped skeptics once again by reporting blowout iPhone sales.
There were other stories from off the field, like the one former FSU fullback William Floyd told about the Burt Reynolds dormitories located across from Doak Campbell Stadium.
One of the risk factors for men to develop breast cancer is a family history. Lucier's mother had breast cancer.
start at catcher for the SIU Carbondale softball team, which figures to be one of the top teams in the Missouri Valley Conference. The Salukis were 36-17 a year ago, including a 16-7 conference record, and return a strong nucleus of players. Shelton batted .147 last season but was used primarily as a pinch-runner, stealing seven bases. At Southwestern, Shelton led the South Central West in home runs, RBIs and stolen bases at different times.
The reports describe a frenzied attack by Tucker Cipriano, 19, and his friend Mitchell Young, 20, that left Cipriano's father, Robert Cipriano, 52, dying in a pool of blood in the kitchen. His mother, Rosemary Cipriano, 51, was found unconscious on the basement steps with a severe head injury and two broken arms.
A lawyer himself, Fox said he has never seen a situation like Mitchell's in three decades of practice.
Arielle, who plans to major in theater at Yale University in the fall, called writing for "Saturday Night Live" her dream job.
For Huffington, that means creating two nap rooms in her Huffington Post newsroom and buying an old-fashioned alarm clock for the night stand.
With the lure of making as much as $100,000 in prize money, nearly 4,000 anglers in some 650 boats are expected to descend on the Chesapeake Bay next weekend for what is billed as "the largest rockfish tournament in the world."
Madison Million, cousin of the bride, was the junior bride. David Sondag, nephew of the bride, was the junior groom.
The combination of the laser show and the telescope will be especially eye-catching, Villard added.
12:03 p.m.: Picks up rental tux for "Cablinasian Father of the Year" banquet.
With no prospect of passage in the Democratic-controlled Senate, the budget is more of a campaign document than an actual legislative proposal, one that congressional Republicans expect their presidential candidates to endorse.
Kool & The Gang, the Grammy Award-winning R&B group, returned to its Jersey City roots yesterday to unveil a giant mobile billboard with the message "BE KOOL!" at the Hudson County Boys and Girls Club.
But SEC teams occupied the top three and five of the top eight spots in total defense. The Tigers ranked 61st, two spots behind Texas A&M.
The Davidsons aren't a dynasty yet, but they might become one if Buck Davidson makes history at the Kentucky Horse Park the way his father did 32 years ago.
Signs on the Beltway and along the northern end of the JFX warned motorists to avoid what is usually the preferred route to downtown for some 6,000 vehicles an hour, with heavier volume for morning and evening rush hours.
Coach Herb Sendek said Tuesday that Lockett suffered a recent setback with his right ankle sprain and could miss Thursday's Pac-12 home contest against Washington.
Dan Brown, Metal Container general manager, issued the following response to the allegations of willful safety violations at the Arnold aluminum can plant:
As an ensign, McDonald served in a South Pole expedition headed by Adm. Richard E. Byrd. As a first lieutenant and naval aviator, he served aboard several aircraft carriers, including the Coral Sea, which he returned to command in 1970-71.
Cashiers, N.C. -- We gazed at the waterfalls from above and admired them from below. We hiked to them, drove to them, photographed them.
Minuses: In a few dishes, a heavy hand with one ingredient throws everything out of balance.
Locker hit Nate Washington on an 18-yard pass on second down, and Chris Johnson ran 3 yards around the left end to convert a fourth-and-1 to keep the drive alive.
Drake wooed a young woman during an interlude of Alicia Keys' "Un-thinkable," a song featuring him on the remix, before performing "Successful," "Say Something," "Best I Ever Had," "I Invented Sex," and "Over."
Pacific-10 Conference Combined Events track meet
Sweat gleaming from his bald head -- he lost his dark brown hair during chemotherapy -- he smiled broadly as he plunked down at a table. A dozen kids quickly surrounded him.
The law generally requires police, while enforcing other laws, to question a person's immigration status if officers have a reasonable suspicion that the person is in the country illegally. It also makes it a state crime for legal immigrants to not carry their immigration documents and bans day laborers and people who seek their services from blocking traffic on streets.
IOWA CITY, Iowa — Fifty years ago, Don Nelson left the University of Iowa eight credits and a student-teaching requirement shy of a degree. Nelson took correspondence classes to complete the credits. But it took the most coaching wins in NBA history for the university to decide Nelson didn't need to be a student teacher to earn a diploma.
"That was a championship performance by a championship-caliber horse," Fellers said.
Two stocks rose for every one that fell on the New York Stock Exchange, where consolidated volume came to 5.4 billion shares, compared with 5.2 billion Tuesday.
The unit of Manny Harris, Donald Sloan, Omri Casspi, Semih Erden and Tristan Thompson generated little offense. They hit just 1 of 7 shots before Casspi converted a 3-pointer. By the time Irving re-entered with 5:20 remaining, the Cavs hopelessly trailed, 86-70.
Christina Aguilera insisted on having a doctor in the house.
Montjoy cradled her infant as she watched images of the smoking twin towers. The events had prompted a lockdown at the hospital, blocking the Montjoys' visitors, she said. Once allowed in, the family crowded into her room, shut off the TV and turned their attention to Xavier.
But opponents of controversial Senate Bill 5 — a measure that Kasich enthusiastically signed March 31 that would sharply restrict bargaining, end binding arbitration and ban public employees from striking — say the governor’s argument comes up false when comparing Ohio with other states.
"This is absolutely false. I can show you the 38 or 40 hours of transmission - they were never cut," Sepulveda told the AP. "I guarantee that everything was live and direct. ... the transmission was never cut, never."
Both Mr. Romney's current plans for health care and Mr. Obama's Affordable Care Act call for insurance exchanges and subsidies. Both offer high-risk pools (the high-risk insurance program of the ACA has already helped more than 56,000 Americans). Mr. Romney aspires for alternatives to litigation in medical malpractice cases; the ACA has already allocated $50 million in grants to explore alternatives to lawsuits. Both Mr. Romney's and Mr. Obama's health care plans offer purchasing pools, protections for those with pre-existing conditions, and IT interoperability.
"I like the ideas behind this school," said south Phoenix resident Celia Rascon, who plans to enroll her son, Benjamin, in ninth grade at Prep. "The teaching is much better than anyplace else I have found."
Burchard hopes the community will pitch in and patronize the table — she's been collecting donations of "garden-related" items, surch as ceramic pots, canisters, flowers boxes and other items for the May 3 sale.
When he finished his four-hour treatment one bitter cold afternoon, he began putting on layers of clothing over his T-shirt and pants: first a scarf, then a fleece-lined hoodie, wool peacoat, ski mask, hat and two pairs of gloves. By the time he walked out, only his eyes and upper nose were visible.
He moved to New Jersey in 2007 and was living in Lanoka Harbor with his fiancee, 29-year-old Danielle Granahan, who works for Jet Blue. The couple had planned to wed next August, Keil said.
One of those inconsistencies: Zimmerman told police Trayvon had his hand over Zimmerman's mouth during their fight on the night he shot Trayvon.
Your heart wonders. You hear the stories about Sanu, how he stuck around his high school team even when he was too old to play his senior year, taking part in practice just to make his teammates better. You hear his friends talk about how he’s wired differently than most college athletes, that he’s never been about chasing the biggest spotlight.
He spoke pointedly about the Sept. 1, 2008 drowning.
Returning to Romney, Gingrich said Republicans had lost the presidential elections of 1976, 1996 and 2008 after nominating moderates. "The elite media would love to talk us into nominating another moderate," he said. "And you want to understand the elite media bias, just remember their No. 1 interest is to reelect Barack Obama, and they believe by getting a moderate to be the Republican nominee, they guarantee the election of Barack Obama."
Roth said he started his business as a way to earn a living after graduate school. He hand-built his stationary coffee roaster and parked it in a carport behind a local bakery. The county health department didn't know what to make of him.
What's more, the fire spread to electrical wires that fell. Firefighters monitored the energized lines until PG&E crews arrived to shut off power.
The plan also faces resistance from the Show-Me Institute, a free-market think tank that says the bill gives too much power to local politicians who would designate the so-called "gateway zones."
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration recently fined Network Construction for violating federal regulations that say once a local storm warning has been issued, a person in charge must determine if equipment must be secured.
He said he expected future west side redevelopment would be driven by demand for downtown rental housing.
I hung out to watch some great surfing – the Australian Tom Carroll snapped a turn on a barrel at Pipeline that is still legendary today – I have to admit I saw it, but it didn't register as a great moment at the time. I do remember the guys all wore helmets and tighter trunks – looking a little like Tour de France riders out in the waves. A network television crew filmed the whole thing, and the Hard Rock Café was one of the sponsors – I wore out that T-shirt with "PRESS" on the sleeve.
At the time of the murder, police said, it appeared that at least two suspects entered the business through an overhead loading dock door and knew their way around inside. They fled with about $2,000.
The day laborers said they were standing on the sidewalk in front of the Home Depot Store on Camelback Road near 43rd Avenue when a car pulled up and a man started firing a handgun out of a passenger window. The gunman continued firing as the vehicle drove east on Camelback Road, the day laborers said.
It is planning a service called "Digital Life" to monitor homes for everything from water damage to burglaries and to let customers remotely do things like adjust temperature or unlock doors, using an Internet connection.
Among findings published online today in the journal Sleep, from the American Academy of Sleep Medicine:
According to a statement of facts read aloud by Assistant State's Attorney Noelle Winder, Johnson pulled a black handgun from the waistband of his trousers in October 2010 and fired three shots at a man standing two feet away. The man, whose sister was behind him, was uninjured.
Currie's ability to "remember things" and "communicate them to other people … it's just not good," Maloney said, adding that Currie frequently "garbled up" information.
VANCOUVER, Wash. -- Plans have been canceled for a power plant in Vancouver that would have burned wood debris.
Shafer Vineyards Hillside Select Cabernet Sauvignon is one of the most consistently great California reds. The Hillside Select is quite pricey and while it's worth it, I do recommend the more affordable One Point Five. And don't forget Shafer's Red Shoulder Ranch Chardonnay -- George W. Bush served Shafer at the 2008 G20 Summit Meetings in Washington.
On the race back to the White House in the presidential limousine, it initially seemed that Reagan had not been harmed by any of Hinckley's six shots. But then the president started spitting up blood and complaining about his breathing. A quick-thinking Secret Service agent, Jerry Parr, diverted the armored Lincoln to the hospital, where Reagan insisted on walking into the ER.
Stevens' collection is a montage of delights for all who like sitting in the dark, popcorn in one hand, a lover's in the other, transfixed.
"Yeah, if you need a quarterback, you've got to look hard at these guys," Razzano said. "And there could be some misses, too, on some of these guys. People just want that quarterback in the worst way."
Cohen, the resident who dug into the census tract information, is on the stakeholder advisory committee for the project. Before the Nov. 17 meeting she had an informational flier about the event translated into Spanish. She delivered 1,000 copies to mailboxes and doorsteps in the impacted area. "I hope some of those folks made it," she said.
Kenny Stabler found out the hard way he was a Raider and nothing but. The not-so-great likes of Jim McMahon, Mark Rypien, Jeff Hostetler, Trent Dilfer and Brad Johnson had their one shining moment with one team. But not with another.
Columbus -- Goodbye, Arena District. Hello, West Side.
View full sizeScott Green/NBCNick (David Giuntoli) and Monroe (Silas Weir Mitchell) investigate a hairy situation on tonight's episode of "Grimm.""Grimm": Last week, the filmed-in-Portland series gave viewers a twofer, with episodes on Thursday ("Danse Macabre") and Friday ("Three Bad Wolves"). This week, Portland police detectives Nick Burkhardt (David Giuntoli) and Hank Griffin (Russell Hornsby) are back in their usual Friday night timeslot. Tonight's episode, "Let Your Hair Down," is inspired by the tale of Rapunzel. A murder in the woods sends Nick, Portland's most supernaturally gifted cop, in search of a girl who's been missing for nine years. Naturally, Nick calls on our favorite Blutbad, Monroe (Silas Weir Mitchell), for help reaching out to the "wild child." Never a dull moment in Portland law enforcement, is there?
